 What is going on in this video, I am going to show you how to build a crypto trading bot. And I'm going to give you so many different examples of crypto trading bots and strategies throughout this video course I've put together. It's unbelievable. If you're new here, my name is MoonDev and I help traders become algorithmic traders. And if you're returning, what's going on? Now if you've never built a trading bot before, specifically for crypto, you're going to want to watch this entire video. And if you have been working on a trading bot for crypto, I would still recommend to watch this entire video because I show so many different strategies put into trading bots. And I highly encourage you, even if this is your first time trying to build a bot and you don't know how to code, just watch the whole video and code along with me. I know it's intimidating. I didn't go to school either for engineering or math or computer science. The big banks, hedge funds, they want you to believe that you have to do like 10 years of school and you have to get a PhD in all this nonsense in order to build quantitative systems like these bots I'm building today. So don't worry about it. If you don't know how to code, just set out on the mission to automate your trading and you will learn how to build bots. And I show you everything in this video. So make sure to save it and watch it at your speed. And just remember that you can do this. If you've learned how to trade, you remember when you first saw it, you're going to be saw these candlestick bars? Yeah, like what did these even mean? Well there was a learning curve. You had to learn what the candlestick's meant. There's like 10 concepts in coding. It just looks weird and I promise you it's no more than being a professional Googler. And I know you're good at Googling. So if you're persistent, you can absolutely build these bots. I do believe in you. So if you have any questions, I'm here for you. And I've put together this entire course just so you can succeed. And this is what I do here on YouTube is I just open up my office for other people because my thoughts are, hey, I can build these bots for myself. And that's awesome. But if I can show other people how to build these bots as well, then different ideas are going to come from you than me. Because we both have different experiences in life. And hopefully you'll jump into Discord and we can be friends forever. But other than that, let's go ahead and jump into the course. And like I said, don't worry about it. Even if you don't know how to code, just code along with this is also high learned. Just coding along. And I had the thought of, hey, you know, if I could automate my trading, my strategies would perform so much better because there's no emotion in the way. And when you remove the emotion from trading, that's when you can really see if your strategy works because you don't have to worry about panic selling or panic buying or the good old FOMO or the panic. You know what I'm talking about if you've been trading. So let's go ahead and get into the course. Please do leave a like on the video. That's all I really ask. And I can't wait to show you these trading bots. So let's do it. I built a trading bot and it absolutely changed my life. It changed the way I trade forever. Because now I don't have to be emotional about it. So if you're struggling with emotions when it comes to trading, when the chart goes down, you want to sell or when the chart goes up, you want to buy. Or if you just don't want to stare at this screen all day, don't worry. You don't have to have some fancy degree building trading bots isn't just for the super smart developers out there. If you've learned how to trade and read these weird lines and these bar charts, you can absolutely do this as well. Essentially you're just laying out your rules and then putting them into a bot that will trade for you. So let's go ahead and just do that here today. This is why I do every single day. I'm an outlaw trader. I build new bots every single day. And I just build them on YouTube. So I can help instead of just myself, I can hopefully help you as well. So by the end of the video, if you watch the whole thing, you will know how to build your own bot. And we're going to build a specific type of bot today that I actually need to build. So you can trust me because I'm actually spending my time to build this today. And it's part of my daily work. Not just making a video here. So to do appreciate that, make sure to stick around because I'm going to show you absolutely everything in this video. I used to be that trader. Maybe it's like yourself right now that it's a little emotional and wants to sell when the position is going against you, but doesn't want to close out when the position is going in your direction. So I understand it. Or maybe I'll close out too early. This absolutely changed my life because now I don't make in-game decisions. Meaning I make all my decisions when I'm building my bot. And then my bot just trades from my 24th to my 365th. So let's build something today. Let's build a bot. Build a bot that looks for the biggest mover of the day. So whatever crypto is up the most. And then we'll look at the SMAs. So these red and green lines, these are the moving averages. We'll look at those. And based off of where they are, if the price is above them, we'll probably trade that biggest mover up to the upside. But if it's, the price is still below, we might actually look for the biggest loser. So also look for the biggest loser. And if prices seem to be under the moving average, I'm going to trade the biggest loser downwards. But if prices are above the moving average, I'm going to trade the biggest winner upwards. Does that make sense? So if BTC for example, let's go ahead and pull this up. For example, if we're looking at BTC, Ethereum and Solana. Solana is down 3%. BTC is down 1%. It looks like on the 15 minute where above the SMAs end of the law. So I would trade BTC upward because it's down less than Solana. But if we were under the SMAs on both along, I might trade Solana downwards. So we'll build this out as we go. But this is something that we wanted to build for a long time. So let's just go ahead and start coding it. And like I said, you don't have to be a super genius. I wasn't either. I learned how to do this because I knew I could improve my trading. And like I said, building a trade about has changed my life. So I'm happy to go ahead and just show you how to do this because I need to do it today anyway. So let's just go ahead and dive in. And the first thing I'm going to do is make some imports. So let's go ahead and say import pandas as PD. Import one call. Pandas is going to, it's like our Excel file for Python. One call is handling orders and data. And then we want to import time. Time handles time. We probably want to import schedule. And by the way, I'm here for you. So if you have any questions, you can post them below or in the discord. Do we need them by maybe? But let's go ahead and say no, we don't need the symbol. Let's say size equals one just because we're testing right now. And I like to test that very small, small prices, small amounts obviously for, because while we're testing, we don't want to spend too much money here. So let's go ahead and now that we've done that, we want to go ahead and connect to the exchange. So I'm going to connect to the exchange by saying, I should do that. Here, let's say one call equals dot themex. I'm going to use themex exchange. And then the key equals, I have a, don't share config, which I need to import it. Now your key can literally look like this. You'll have to go to the exchange and it will look, let me go ahead and just write that out because I know, I'm on video, so I can't share my, I can't put my keys here, but this is how you put your keys just like this. Like go to the exchange, get your key, get your secret. And then some exchanges have a password as well and you just put like password. So pretty simple to do. If needed, you can fit install any of these pandas, fit install pandas, fit install one call. I think time comes with Python. But this is what you're, this is what it would look like for you. But I'm going to import a file that holds my keys because this file will keep it fixed. So I'm just going to pull my keys and my keys are pretty much set up just like this, but in that file. So if you want to keep them safe, you can do that. Okay. And then we'll do the same thing here for the secret. Perfect. Okay, so now we should be connected, but we want to check the connections. So check connection. And how would we do that? Let's just grab the order book. Actually, let's just grab the order book in general. Order book data and we'll just go through here and do one set by one step and this is going to be great. So let's go ahead and say order book equals one call dot get order book and then we'll pass in the symbol and then we'll pass in true. And then let's just go ahead and print order book. Now we need to make the symbol symbol equals just do ethu is deeper now. And let's see if we're connected. I suppose secret wrong. See, crit. Let's give it another try. Perfect. So we have the order book. This is the data we need. We have the bits. We have the asks. Looks like the pricing is weird here. Let's go ahead here and see if we can upgrade this. So let's go to terminal new terminal. Create install one call dash dash upgrade. Just to make sure it's on the latest version. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. I'm only keeping the price a little bit. ... aren't terms we need to get a little bit bit? About 12 to 7-2 is the bit and we started looking at a little bit of a spread... Let's go ahead and see what's going on here. Okay, there's our instructions there. So we need to find the one with the biggest change of the depth. So if I go ahead and see that, it's actually quite easy to see. You see the theorems of 7.4. So one is of 29.65. So we're interested in that. Here, the price for some money is $17. I can't be right. $17 on there, but then on here, oh, this is on FTX. And that whole FTX debacle. So let's go ahead and get a new sole price. Not FTX because FTX just went kaboom. Kaboom. Okay, let's put that up there. And that looks to be the sole loan. It's interesting that the prices are different. Okay, so now that we have orderable data, how are we going to get this? Let's go ahead and set up the purchase, the buy, first, and make sure we can get that set up correctly. Then we'll be able to make a function, orderable data to get bit asked. Okay, so let's make this into a function here. Also, make the buy and sell order function. What else do we need to do? We need to identify the biggest movers. Percentage wise, up and down. And the way we would do that, I'll have to keep thinking about it, but essentially, you can see here easily on FTX that Toulana is up the highest. And I don't like messing around too much down here because the volume gets a little thin. Maybe dot is down the most, so 2.8. None of them are down, but this is up the lease. So let's figure out how to identify those. But first, we want to go ahead and get the bit asked. So how do we get the bit asked? It's actually pass on false here, and this will just give us the JSON. Let's print it out. And then let's figure out how to tap into these. So we would go to book, book, and then ask. So order book, order book, and then we go book. What does it say here? Yeah, book, and then ask. This might take me a couple tries, but... Let's just print that and see if we can get just the asks. And then what is this? Ethereum? So let's go to Ethereum. Okay, here we are. There is no book. So let's just print the OB again. So we come in here, oh, result. Result. And then book. And then maybe asks. We'll see. A lot of his JSON stuff, I'm guessing, and checking. So, you know, kind of proves that you don't need to be a super genius for this. Okay, so here we go. This is all the asks. And then inside the ask, I don't want that one. So maybe I put zero here. Print order book, zero. Okay, so this should be the ask, which is great. We got that. Now we just need to do zero again. And this should print out the actual ask. Which is one, two, three, eight points seven. Close enough. So let's go ahead and say ask equals this. Ask equals that. And then bid equals this. But this, I believe. And then let's say print. And then ask. So let's just put an ask and put in bid. Like that. This is the bid. And this is the ask. It's about right. Perfect. So we have the bid and the ask. Let's go ahead and say, death did bid. Let's just say bid ask. Must I ask bid? And we'll go ahead and move this into the function. And then we'll return. Let's do return ask in the bid. Perfect. So now we have a function that gets the ask in the bid. And we can even return the order book just in case we ever need it. And we'll pass in the symbol equals symbol. So we can pass in the symbol. Let's go ahead and write out what this function does. Function gets the bid and ask price, which is the most real price. And then returns ask bid over. So I understand that. Hope that makes sense. See you. If you have any questions, please let me know. But essentially we're being the order book and finding the bid and ask from that order book. And that's the best way to get the price in my personal opinion. Because it allows us to see. It allows us to see the real bid and ask. Maybe the mark price or there's a delay in the data and so on and so on. So let's jump over here. And we can make the cell order function in a minute. But I want to make sure. What else are we going to do here? So essentially this bot is going to one. Find the biggest movers. And lowest movers. And that's defined by. Percent gain and. Percent loss. The biggest ones. Okay. So that's that. And. So we're going to get that. We're going to need to be able to get the symbols. Try to figure out how are we going to do that though. Because we need to get the symbols. All the symbols here pretty much. And figure that out through there. But then after we do that, we're going to check the SMAs. To check the SMAs to see if we should be longing or shorting. Okay. So that makes sense to me. And then we will say long if. If over let's say the one hour SMA. And short if under the one hour SMA. And when would we enter three when to enter. Well, if long on a pullback. And short under rib. So when the price goes up if we're trying to short it, we wait for a like the price to go up a bit. So for example, it's going up. If we need a short, we're sure here. But if we need the long, we wait for a pullback like this. And long there. Ideally at the bottom, but that's sometimes hard to do. So when to enter. Okay, great. So let's go ahead and get that by and cell function going. So death by cell. Let's just write it out actually. So that's not too hard to do. So now that we have the ask in the bid, we want to grab the asking bid. Let's go ahead and put this into our bot. Let's just call this bot here. And let's get the ask in the bid. So to get the ask bid, we just ask bid and then symbol. Okay. And then the ask equals ask bid zero. And then bid equals ask bid one. Let's call this ask bid. Perfect. So that gets the ask in the bid. And then we want to go ahead and see if we can make a order here. One call dot limit order. And then we'll pass in the symbol. Let's go ahead and then say one call because we want to make a, let's say we were going to do a buy order. So buy side and then the size pass in the size. And then I'll pass in the price. So let's do bid since we're going to buy. Let's just do a bit. Making a buy order. And let's go ahead and just try this out. Let's say bot is running. And let's see if it does it correctly. So the symbol is that. If you as D. And let's see if it goes ahead and does this correctly. So the run bot has a bid in the ask. Okay, perfect. Oh, but the size. Yeah, size is one. Let's go ahead all the way down here. Size is 0.005E. Super interesting that it. It shows us in that way. One contract. Okay, so I just had my things set up. So it filled it perfect. Okay, so we are successfully able to make the buy order. Now let's go ahead and make the sell order. Because we're going to need both of those. And we don't want to use market orders. I mean, you can't and I will in emergencies sell order. I would just pass in the ask here. And I would put in sell side. So let's go ahead and mark this one out. And. Let's go ahead and. Bring this down a bit. Well, I can actually close it. And now we want this to be closed. So we'll hit the sell order. The limit sell. Perfect. So now it should close it. Let's go ahead and make sure there goes fully closed. Perfect active orders. There should be one. Boom. So now we can buy and sell pretty easily. We've got the order look, the ask, the bid. And one of my biggest reasons that I build bots is because I'm a human, right? And we have all this emotion that. That prevents us from buying and selling at the right time. And prevents us from. Getting into some positions that we would really want to. And then we're just not at the computer. And then most importantly, I'm a human and I have to eat. I have to drink coffee. I have to use the restroom. And one, it's not multiple of those. It's him right now. So I got to go. And essentially I'll keep working on this. And if you want to part two, I'll keep building it here on YouTube. Like I said, I build a new trading bot every single day. And then I'll keep building it here on YouTube. Just so I can help you out. Because my thought is if I can help you, well then it's not just me coding for four to six hours per day. It's actually me and you. And anything I figure out, it's going to save that time for you. So I appreciate you. I'll look forward to seeing you inside the discord. You can get to the discord with the link below. I send you an email. So just put your email there. And I'll send you an email to the discord. Other than that, see you in the next show. You'll see the truth about automated trading or algo trading or building a trading bot. Essentially turning your strategy into something that trades for you 24, 7, 365. Now I've been doing this for a few years now. And the truth is a lot of people don't want to share this information. And it makes sense, right? When you're able to automatically trade and build your strategy into a bot that trades up or down. 24, 7, 365. I can see why people don't want to share this. But me, I grew up on the internet, learned everything on the internet. So when I see something like this where nobody's teaching it. And I'm trying to continue to learn and build community. I just teach it. The truth is you don't need a degree. You don't need to have studied computer science in college for four years, eight years, whatever. You don't need to be like a math nerd. We use super simple equations. Basic math, you know, two plus two, five minus three. Maybe a little division here and there. But the truth is you don't have to be some super smart person in order to do this. Me, I'm just a regular dude. You don't need to be great at math. You don't need to be super smart. And you don't need a degree. If you're smart enough to understand these bar charts. I remember when I first looked at these. I was like, what does this even mean? So there was a learning curve in order to figure out how to even read these green bars and red bars. What do these wicks mean? What do the bodies mean? So just like anything else, you can actually learn how to automate a trade. You can learn exactly how to turn your strategy into an automated one that will trade for you 24, 7, 365. So in this video, I'm just going to prove it to you and show you what I do in my day to day and just start coding. So let's go ahead and build out these three things today. I want to help my hand trading actually with a little bot that will run with me. So I've been building out this risk bot and it's super cool because if you think about why have you lost your big trades. Usually because of your emotion. Usually because you think that the market's going to turn. You're in a losing position and you think, hey, if I give it a little bit more time, the market will turn in my direction. Maybe you're hoping it's going up and it keeps going down in this scenario. And you're like, oh, well, maybe it'll turn. And maybe it does turn. But that's not necessarily a good thing because that's against your rules. If you said you're going to get out with a 5% stop loss, well, better get out. Or else, someday, this big green bar is not going to happen. Or in the other situation, you might want to be shorty of this right here for some reason. And then it goes up and you're like, oh, it's going to pull back. And then boom, liquidated. So with automated trading, you can actually automate pieces of your trading as well. So I know a lot of people don't want to just dive into, hey, you know, this is my strategy. Let me put this into a bot because that's fairly hard to do. And that's some truth. Because you might have a strategy, but how are you going to automate the whole entire strategy from entry to exit? Can you actually put that on a piece of paper? Because the truth is, in order to automate your strategy, you have to be able to clearly say, hey, this is when I want to enter. This is when I want to exit. And these are all of the rules. And this is how long I want to hold the position. If it ever goes over this time limit, I want to exit. So what I like to do sometimes is maybe do a little hand trading, but that hand trading has a bot. An automated strategy running with me. So for example, I know the struggle sometimes. It's like, okay, well, I can't really comprehend why I need to get into a position right here. I can't really get that on paper in order to build a bot. So, but in my mind, I know I need to get into a position right here. Well, if that's the case, at the minimum, if you're going to hand trade, at least have a bot that is managing your risk. So if you've seen the other videos on this channel, I've been building out this bot for a while now. And these are just three more points that I want to add to it. So it's going to allow me to max trade three times per day, meaning if I get two wins in a day, that's two for three. And that's going to be magical over the long run. And then it's going to ask me questions like, hey, are you in a gambler's mindset right now? Hey, did you get enough sleep last night? How many hours of sleep did you get? Hey, are you on tilt right now? And what's going to happen is going to log the trades, and it's going to log the questions and answers. So after like 100 trades, I'll have this big old log, maybe an Excel file, of exactly, hey, what state of mind was I in? And then thirdly, we're going to, it's not going to allow me to enter trades 15 minutes after a close. And the reason for this is because I've seen in my personal hand trading, sometimes I will over trade. So we'll have two risk controls for that, you know, number three trades per day. But on top of that, it won't let me enter a position for another 15 minutes. So for example, if I got hit right here and I exited, my bot took me out because I was down sales shortiness, down 5%, or whatever my risk control is, well, naturally, you have the tendency to want to be right. So you might want to short again, but then you just lose again. But if you have a bot running with you, well, what's going to happen? Well, it's going to make you sit on the sidelines for 15 minutes, and you're going to see this big green bar, and that might change your thoughts, right? So it gives you a little time to chill and just kind of recoup. So let's go ahead and just start building because I've got a lot to do today, and you know, I'm here to actually to code every single day. And I just decide to, hey, do a little bit of this on the internet as well on YouTube. So I'm not just helping myself, but hey, maybe I can help you learn something and see that it's really not that hard to code these plots. So let's do the first thing first. Let's do max trades. Let's say, death max trades. Max daily trades. And let's make that a function. Let's say this function is going to only allow max of x trades per day. Starting with three. Well, I'll just put x for now, and then I'll say max trades here. Let's go ahead and put it up here. Max daily trades equals three. And then I'm just going to put down here. I'm going to say max equals max equals max daily trades. So easy for me to set up up here in the day time. This is how many trades this is. How many trades per day I can take. Perfect. So now I know max daily trades is three. And in order to connect, you have to connect through CCXT and then just write in all this stuff. And I use a don't share config for my API key and a secret. So I don't have to share those here on YouTube, but you could actually just put them in. Instead of that, you could just put them in like this, your API key and secret. Some things I'll show you the imports I made really quickly. Just in case you didn't see them, import CCXT, math, pandas, this pd, don't share config, time, date time warnings. To filter out this one warning, I keep getting and so on and so on. Let's go ahead and figure this out. Let's do themix.fetch. I think there's like a fetch closed orders. Perfect. And let's call these close equals that. And then let's go ahead and say print close. And that should get me all the closed orders. And then what I want to do is actually instead of that, I want to go ahead and put this into, hmm, which we do here. Let's put this into a closed DF. So we'll make it a data frame. So pd.dataframe.fromdictionary. And we'll pass in the close. So now it's going to be that. And then all I really want to do here is get my closed DF reset it. And I want to reset it to close DF. But I want to make just a couple of the columns. And I want to do filled. And then last trade timestamp, believe it. And then I should be able to print the closed DF. And this will just give me my last trades. And in a DF format. So it's just give me the time and when it's filled. So let's go ahead and try this out and see if it works. Close this for now. And let's go ahead and hit play. Okay, it requires a symbol. So what we'll do is we'll pass in the symbol. Now I'm trying to think we might need to work on this a bit. Okay, perfect. So it looks like that's all working. We might need to think a little bit here though. How so this this will work for one symbol. But how to work for all symbols. We just do a loop of that. But we'll get back to that later. I usually just trade one symbol. So. So we get back to that later. But for now we'll just have it work for the one symbol I usually trade. And my one worry is that knowing that this is going to work for one symbol. It's going to be easy if I do get into like a gambler's mentality or on tilt. Well, it's going to be super easy for me to be like, oh, I can just jump into the next symbol and my bot won't close me out. But we won't let that happen. Okay, so now we want to go ahead and get the time of the computer. So let's go ahead and say comp time equals integer of time. And from there we can say now equals date time. Now. And then the string of the time would be date time. Now and then strf time. And then we would just set it as the percent month. Percent day, percent year space. Percent hour. Percent minute. Percent second. Okay. So now we have the data frame that gives us all our last closes and the filled amount. So let's go ahead and think here. What should we do? And I apologize. Sometimes I have to pause and think because this is my day to day. I'm not just here making a YouTube video. I'm literally working with you. So if you do appreciate that, you know, let me know below. And if you have any questions, I'm also here for you. So I'm always going to be here for you no matter what. Let's go ahead and make a last closed time deal. And say closed here. Close. Close. Close. And we'll say close at the closed. Close. D. At filled. So if the filled is over zero. So it filled is more than zero because that means that the position was actually taken. And it wasn't like a fake position like a canceled order or something like that. Or a rejected order. So that means it actually happened. And then we'll say let's make a list. Last. Close. List equals last. Close time. D. To list. Like that. And then let's print. Last. Close. List. Okay. I'm going to get rid of this print because it's not needed anymore. I didn't run it. Max daily trades. Okay. So that's not supported between a string and an integer. Hmm. Oh, I see. I just have the air here. Let's call the boom there. And then here, I think we just do that. Let's try that again. All right. There we go. So these are my last closed times. So now I want to say in the last 12 hours. No more than max trades. Now I know that's not like three per day, but it kind of is, right? Because we got to sleep. So how would we do this? So in the last 12 hours, what is the last 12 hours? First off, let's get 12 hours. Hmm. It's like we have a breakout here on BTC. I get a little distracted by the charge sometimes. That's okay. See what's going on with ES1? Pumping, but it's still late. You can see here, BTC. There we go. Nice breakout. Let's see how that evolves. Anyways, in the last 12 hours, no more than max trades. So let's get 12 hours. So 12 times 60 is minutes times 60 again equals 12 hours equals that. It's print 12 hours. 12 hours in seconds. So that's 12 hours in seconds. So what we're going to need to do is let's go ahead and print that out here and see what happens. 4200. So we actually need to get the exchange time. Hmm. Because this is 12 hours into minutes into seconds. So that's that. And then let's get the exchange time. So to get the exchange time. Well, the comp time right now, we don't need the exchange time actually. We just take the comp time, which we have minus 12 hours in seconds and say, print 12 hours in seconds like this. No. Let's think about this for a second. So what we're trying to get here is the last 12 hours out of here. We want to make sure that none of these fall in the last 12 hours. And let's think about this for a second. We actually make sure this needs to go backwards. So 1, 2, 3. So negative 1, negative 2, and negative 3. So let's get that. Let's get all the way up to negative 3. The list. Well, let's get negative 4 just in case. To get the last four closes. So to get the last four closes, we do that. So we'll say last four, last four closes equals last closeless. So minus 4 on. And then let's print last four closes. Okay, so that's right. So that's the last four closes. And for the last four closes, we need to make sure that none of them are less than comp time minus 12 hours. So time minus 12 hours equals equals minus 12 hours equals that. So now we need to make sure that none of these are bigger than that. So let's go ahead and say print time minus last 12 hours. 16. Okay, I think that's right. Now we want to say, hey, let's grab this position right here. Since that's the fourth back, last four closes, last four closes at the zero position is, I think we need to just do three. Just because I, I just heard my brain now, three closes back equals that. So this would be this number or this number. And if this number divided by 1,000 because it's in like a weird number, let's go ahead and print that. And then we can compare those two. So essentially I'm getting the three closes back. So max three times per day is 12 hours. And if this is bigger than that, okay, at least there, matching up, 1, 6, so 8, 3. So as long as this is bigger than this, we're good to go. So if time minus 12 is bigger, wait, is that right? Let me think about this. Let's say it's 9 p.m. right now. And then 12 hours ago, it would be 9 a.m. 9 a.m. Let's check out what's going on over here real quick. So let's say it's 12. So 9 a.m. is latest. The time minus 12 hours is bigger than three closes back. Then we should be good to go, right? So if time minus 12 hours, so now minus 12 hours is 9 a.m. And the latest trade or last trade was 7 a.m. Then we're good to go. Yeah, that's right. So trade because max daily equals false. I know that's ugly, but I like to be able to read it. Else, it's true. So perfect. That's what we're going to do. And then let's just go ahead and say, let's print that. Let's print which one it is. Print that 12. That means I can trade. And what does that mean? That means we need to return. Turn that. Let's get rid of these prints. And I think this is all correct. So it might be good to go here. And if it's true, I want to call the kill switch, which I don't have, implemented in this, but I've gone over the kill switch so many times. And I'm going to say symbol. And I can go over this. There's another video that goes over my kill switch, but I'm just going to throw this into my main risk file. And essentially, this is going to say, let's go ahead and print some feedback. We shouldn't be trading because we already... I'm going to say kill switch. No trading already hit max per day. Starting kill switch. Perfect. And then here, print. We are good to go. Haven't hit max trades per day. Perfect. So now... I'm going to mark this out for now just so it continues to run. But essentially, I'm going to throw this into my bot now. And my bot is essentially going to make sure that I don't trade more than three times per day. Which is quite awesome. And it's going to automatically do the kill switch. So to do this now, let's see what else we wanted to build to this. Does not allow trading 15 minutes after the close. After last close. Okay. I think we can do that one too. But this is great. I'm really excited for this actually. We just had a breakout over here. So there's some volatility today. The market's about to open in an hour. Should be some nice volatility. If I'm looking at the ES1, the QQQ's down. ES1 is down. The dollar is up. Should be some good volatility today. We've had some crazy events and crypto those last weekend. I'm excited to put this into my bot now. And you can see, you know, this is the truth. I'm not like a super smart guy. You can see my math is kind of wack. I'm just a trader that knew I could automate some things. And I like to make these easy videos for hand traders because I know everybody's not an algorithmic trader. And sometimes you want to get some hand trades in. So if you're going to do that, it's best to use a bot to at least control your risk. This bot right here that we built today essentially makes it so we don't trade more than three times per day. Which is awesome. Or however many times you want. You just say max daily trades up here. And I put it as three. And this should actually be this. Nice. We got to cut that. Minus max. So max daily trades. Perfect. Alright, so I mean, if you want another part, if you want me to handle these next two parts on video, I'll do that. But for now, I'm going to start coding them up on my own because I think this video has gone pretty long. Feel free to join the Discord. There's a link below just throw in your email and I'll send you an invite to the Discord. And other than that, I'll see you in the next one. If you do what I tell you in this video, exactly this. You will never trade the same again. Now I've been trading for close to a decade now. And once I implemented this one thing, my trading has been so, so much better. And it comes down to a simple saying there is, if you can't measure it, you can't grow. If you can't measure it, you cannot improve. So what does that mean? It means you need to measure every single trade. But who in their right mind is actually going to take notes of every trade they make? And who in their right mind is actually going to exit when they say they're going to exit? The thing is we're humans. We have emotions. Sometimes when you see a bar like this, well, maybe you want to go long and then guess what happens. Boom. Liquidated. When you see a red bar down like this, and you want to go short. Hey, maybe you'll take a quick win, but boom. It turns around on you. So there's a couple of things I want to make sure to emphasize in this video. Number one, journaling your trades and making sure that you're not in like a gambler's mindset. Or you're not until. Will help increase your trading. So much more than any strategy. Or any secret there is out there. But how do you do it? Well, you have to have something to help you automate it. So I'm an elbow trader. I tried to trade 100% algorithmically. But I know a lot of people out here, including myself, sometimes catch opportunities that can't really be written into a bot. Well, they can be. But at that moment, maybe today, there's a unique opportunity. Maybe because some news or something that isn't built into one of my bots already. Well, how do I trade that? Well, I have traded by hand. And while I am an elbow trader and I don't really like trading by hand because emotions do get in the way, there's a way to change your trading forever. And that's not even by fully automatically automating your trading. It's simply by automating parts of it. So one part of the trading that you can automate is, hey, make sure before you enter a trade, you tell your bot why you're entering that trade. So for example, before you enter a trade, you want to buy, well, in order to enter that trade, the only way your bot's going to enter that trade is if you tell it exactly why you want to enter that trade. And what's going to happen? You're going to say, for example, if you're on this green bar right here, you're going to say, hey, I want to enter this trade because there's a huge green bar. Well, while you're typing that, you'll probably realize, oh, that's a cardinal sin right there. I don't want to enter on a green bar and maybe you won't enter that trade. And then the second question will be like, are you in a gambler's mindset right now? Are you on tilt? Well, if you are, maybe you shouldn't enter that trade. Right? And the thing is, is what's going to happen after a hundred or a 200 trades? Well, this bot is going to keep track of everything for you. So it's going to show you, hey, you won this trade and you did get your eight hours of sleep. You weren't in a gambler's mindset. But you lost this trade and you were chasing a red bar and you're trying to short a red bar or you didn't get eight hours of sleep last night and so on and so on. So I'm going to build this bot out here today with you. You don't have to be super smart. You don't have to have a degree. None of that stuff. And I actually need this because when I do have to get in there and hand trade, I have to make sure that my emotions are in check because that's the number one thing that kills us. It's emotions. You want to long, you want to buy when the bars are going up and short when the bars are going down. So I have a bunch of questions that I want to ask myself before my bot even enters a trade. So let's just go ahead and code this out. And like I said, you know, I'm a normal guy. I just a trader like yourself that knew I could pull more alpha out of the market if I could automate my trade. Now for me, I algorithmic trade. Meaning I try to enter all my trades with an algorithm. But like I said, you know, there are times that you want to hand trade. There's news events that happen like last weekend. There's a lot of news events that happen that I was able to get some good trades in. But I had to do them by hand. And in order to make yourself feel safe and to make sure your results, you have longevity in this game, you have to control your risk. So let's go ahead and build this bot out. And I'll make sure to put this bot in the discord or in the bootcamp or somewhere around. But let's go ahead and talk about the things we just built this in the last video. Max three trades per day. So even if you're not going to go fully automated traded, well, you could have your bot say, hey, I'm going to get you out of a trade if you've already had your max trades per day. Now yours might be higher or lower than this. I feel like my place when I'm hand trading is three traded to max because it does take a lot of time and effort to trade. You're looking at these charts and I would just rather be coated. So the second thing we want to build here is we want to ask questions and log the trades. So let's go ahead and just build that. You can see all the things I imported. I'm using Python, CCXT, math, Pantasm, PV. These are a bunch of inputs that I already laid out here that you can just pause the video at any time. To connect to the exchange, you just go ahead and pull in your don't share config. That hides my keys. But you could have it just like this as well where you just put your keys in here like this. And your secret there. You get the keys in the secret from the exchange. I'm using Pmex for today. And what I want to go ahead and do is build out a function that let's say questions. Let's say enter questions. Because these questions are going to make me slow down and really think through every trade that I enter. And the name of the game is staying alive. And in my opinion as a hand trader, it's just staying alive until that one big trade comes along. Other than that, you're just trying to take small wins, small losses. So this will ask before entering a trade, this will ask a few questions. So one, let's say what was, did you sleep eight hours? Two, are you on tilt slash gamblers slash in a gamblers mindset? See what else is important. I feel like those two things are very important. Are you longing a green bar or shorting a red bar? Those are two other great questions, right? Because these questions are going to be logged forever. And then I'll be able to see, hey, well in the past one year, I won all of the trades, I won 70% of the trades where did I sleep eight hours? I did. I wasn't in a gamblers mindset and I wasn't longing a green bar or shorting a r