ing for now, but let's run this and see how it works. See if it works, not that. Oh. We are continuing the order of enter. And it's just going to crash my computer. That's good. So it shouldn't do it if I reverse this. And if that's true. Okay, sweet. Looks like it's working. Let's see here. So when does that, oh, it probably popped up at the start. It showed a different line. It came from there. Perfect. So while position size is under size. And then what size? Look at my right now. Size. Oh, okay. Let's put it at like 400. And I don't know how much that's going to be. 1200. Okay. That's 1400. I guess I could just amp up the leverage here. Just because I'm going to be in and out. I mean, I guess I could be 1400 to the slide. I'm going to be in and out. But I want to go bigger. So I can make sure that it's it works. You know? Okay. So this is a thousand. But this is 4000. So I'm going to put 4000 here. 4000. And down here, I need to remember to do this. I need a time dot sleep between orders. Time dot sleep of, let's say, 10 seconds. Or actually, let's do like five seconds. Yeah. Okay. So while position size. And then we want to do a few cancel orders. Let's go ahead and do themix dot cancel. Dot cancel. All orders. And then we just pass in the symbol. Okay. So every time it goes through, he's going to cancel any orders. Not that that's needed. I just use it as precaution in case I had like a. I don't know. Like another order floating around. But I shouldn't. I'm just going to have that. I just like to just kind of have it. But it's one. And now I want to say, Phoenix dot create market by order. And then I think I just pass in the symbol. Symbol. And position. No, no, no, no, no, no. I need to get the. This. Need to get the ask. I. Like. So. Get asked. Nick. And did. So that would be. Ask. Did. And then I think it was zero one two three four five. I think. Ask. Well, let's get all of it. And then. Did. Ask. Equals. Did. Ask. And at the. What's that? What was that? Like three. No, zero one. Zero was asked. Two was. Did. Three was. Order. Was asked. Ask. Nick. And five was. Did. It's my memory. Seriously. Correct. Five. Okay. Okay. I jumped. Always in law. Sweet. All right. So we have that information. Perfect. So that is how much I would make the order for. I think we have to do this though. If. By. Equals. True. Then we'll be buying. And what would this be if we're buying? We need to ask. Like. Because that's the size. And only two things we need is the symbol on the side. Symbol of the mouth. So if we're buying. It's true. And then. This. Let's get rid of it. Print. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then. Print. Making a buy. Order. And I need this to be a little nicer than that. For symbol. With size. And this would be ask. Like. Should it make a �ah? Or would it make a. купeneve by order better than that? Or would it have a nearby forever. Or would it have a行ah? Or would any of it have a roof and a bare face? Or would it have a tight case? Or would it have that that was used. Yeah. And then. And then if it's not true. make biorter and this would be a cell order and so cell would need the by-lay and this would be by-lay. I keep doing that. It's actually bid-lay. Bid-lay. Cancel orders, make cell order. I mean that change, change this. Licksniper cell order. Let's yellow ourselves, cell order. By-order. Just like that. And by, it was that true or false size. By equals true. But we will pass that in. And then it should just keep filling up until... Oh, and I need to do this. I need to run this again. At the end. Because after it makes the by-order and sleeps is going to get the position size again. A fresh position size. And then it's going to check the position size versus the size. And the size is going to stay the same. So every time it loops through it's going to say, hey, is it a by? If it's a by, then we're going to make orders at the liquidy sniper. Boom boom. This should be pretty quick. Boom boom boom. And then after it makes the order, it's going to buy on the ask from the liquidy to the amount that it has. And then it's going to sleep for five seconds. And it's going to go through. It's going to pull this data again to get the position info. And then specifically the position size. And at the position size is still smaller than the size. It's going to go ahead and buy again. And then again. And then once this is bigger. What's it bigger? Once position side is for example, okay, 101 or 100. 100. Okay, so this is not equal to. So if it's bigger or equal to, it stops. Alright, I'm testing this out real money. So let's go ahead and look at the orders coming. And should we buy or sell? I'm going to buy. Let's go ahead, the liquidy sniper and symbol size. And buy. So I'm just going to, I don't even need to do anything here. Because it's all the. Whatever I have left off the variables. And then buy. So I just put true, but I don't need that because it's all, it's all these. It's the same symbol, it's the same size. And it's still by. So let's go ahead and run it. Two happens. Oh, okay. So there we go. Let's see what's going on there. The bit asks is up here. Zero, one, two, three, four. Okay, so I just did that wrong. So this must be three. This must be four. Which makes sense. I just counted from. I counted from normal human count instead of coding out. And all right, let's do this. See much of the videos now. Plenty. Oh, you know what? This is actually going to be bad. I just thought of something. Oh, glad I didn't run it. Okay, so what I just realized. Is it's going to take like it could buy all of that. So if it's like 3,700. So what we want to do since it's like if my position size is smaller than this, what's on the bit that I asked is the liquidity is going to tell us what's on the bit that asked. It was going to buy that. And that's not good because it might be bigger than what I actually wanted to do. So let's go ahead and say if did. No, it's. How would we do this? Is it big lake? Okay, this is going to be a gross way to do it. But if bid lake is bigger than size, then bid lake, lake equals size. Now this is so gross. I think there's a guy that is asking is bigger than size, then ask lake equals size. And this is going to be like for example right now if I wanted to buy 500, but there's 3,700. It would have gone ahead and just put the ask lake there 3,700, 0, which is way bigger than 300 or whatever. So in this case, if the bid lake is bigger than the size that we want to go in, then it will just set bid lake to size. The same thing with the ask lake. So that's what that does. Happy I thought about that before I ran it. But at the end of the day, I guess it doesn't matter too much. Go ahead, run. Okay, fully filled. You see that happen? And I should have... Oh, oh, oh. Okay, we need to stop this. I forgot to do this. Position size. Oh my goodness, I'm messing up here. I need all of this again. I need this stuff here as well because if I don't, then it's just... It's not going to update it. So I need the bid ask again and then it gets the new ask lake and the new bid lake and then does that same thing. But if it's over the size, if it's over position size, I'm going to do size equal... Nope, let's do new size. New size equals position size, position size, position size, minus size. And that's the new size. And if bid lake is bigger than new size, then size equals new size. And this equals new size, from new size. And then just to make sure it loops correctly, I'm going to say size equals new size. I don't know why I use new size there, but I could have just avoided all that. So now it's going to have the new size and if position size is smaller, then that, then it's good to go. Okay, so if I run this again, it shouldn't do anything because I think my size is bigger than... This is a... Yep, perfect. Let's go ahead and say file true. Print. Let's do print. Print's finished. With the liquidity, liquef sniper, position... Let's do symbol position. Symbol position is... Let's go ahead and put our F here. Position size. New size, old size. This size, that size. We size. Right size. Green size. Yellow size, blue size. Alright, so let's go ahead and run this. And it shouldn't enter anything, but it should tell us our position. Okay, I finished the liquef sniper, ETH position is 7590. And that's what it says right here, 7590 contract. I don't know how much that is. Looks like we actually are in profit, so why don't I just take this... Use my liquef sniper to exit now. And I'm going to exit... That much. So let's do that. Put it there. I just thought of another idea. I'm sorry, I keep coming up with ideas. Okay, so now it's false, so it should sell. Let's see how it does it. Give me out of this position with some profit. Okay, so it just sold one down down to... To the smaller size. Oh. Am I? I don't think so. Finish the liquef sniper. Oh. I see what's going on. It didn't do it because the size is bigger. What position size is smaller than size? Okay. Well, let's say open equals true and that... While open equals true and then... Let's do open equals true... And then we'll pass in false. So... You know, I don't know if that's legal or not. But in the liquef sniper we're in pass in false now. We're going to say it goes open is true. So while open is true and that... But it's only going to be false. So this should fail and then it should do it. I love this stuff. It really does. So open equals true. And here I pass in false. So open should equal false. Open equals true. Okay. While open equals true. So it equals false. And this is size equals undersides. Position size undersides. Okay. I can do this a more get away. But while open equals true. So it's false. Feeling it should get out. It should get out of position size. And so this is false. So maybe... All right. I'm just going to do it a different way then. I mean, I could probably think it through. But I'm in this position now. I don't really want to be forever. If... If open equals true. Do this. This is ugly I know. We're just going to do some spaghetti. Because who doesn't like spaghetti? Else. That. Wow position. So while position size is bigger than zero. So this means open equals false. And we need to close it. So let's see if this works. Here's my size. 590. Mix. Okay. It's sold. Sold on the... The vid and the ads. And then it should be 14 for 1208. Oh, an error. Must be between zero. Like itself. Vid lake. Vid lake is that. Vid lake equals new size. Called position size. I didn't do this part. So... New size. What is new size? What should it equal here? New size should be position size. So it should just be position size here. So it did like a bigger position size. And then size equal position size. Get rid of this. Get rid of this position. All right. This should work now. Because it's just same position size and the same position size is bigger than Vid lake. Then Vid lake is equal position size and position size the same thing. So... I don't know. We'll see. Should be selling at the vid. 600. Took about 600. And now I can take up to 600. 22,600. 608. All right. And it's out. So boom. We are the Quiti sniper. This is awesome. I love it. I love it. Love it. So this function we just built. It's a little gross. I know I get it. I get it. I'm not the best coder in the world. But... I'm never going to stop. And I'm going to keep building here. I'll try to build some on YouTube. Of course I can't. I upload 6 hours of coding per day. So I'm not going to do that. But... Oh, look at that. I would have killed it if I kept that position. But whatever. That's how it goes. And... I'm going to implement this into a few of my bots that really leave this right now. So... Yeah. I'll see you in the next video. A little bit of errors here. So what I want to do is I want to have a function here for an open and a close. Because I realized I put an if statement there and that just kills the whole position after it's done. Or it doesn't kill the whole position. But it doesn't keep looping. So I'm just going to go ahead here and copy this over to a sniper open and a sniper close. Because I just don't really want to mix these two up. Because I just ran it on a close and essentially what happened was it just went through one time. While position size. So it's actually going to be... While position size is bigger than zero. Because this is going to be our close one. So while it's bigger than zero, then we're going to do all of this. This. I'm going to put this here down at the bottom. And don't worry I'm not applying through this. I'll show you. Hopefully. Okay. Print. Boom. Boom. So while position is bigger than zero, I have that twice. If by equals true, then it would be that. But if by equals false, by equals true, by equals false, let's go ahead and take this. We can actually not even use the open equals true anymore. Open is true. Let's just remove that. And let's put this here. Open true. Remove that as well. By equals true. Still needs that position size, equal position size. And then while position size is over zero, it's just going to keep looping. And it's going to get the position size, size equals position size, position size. And since this is a close, we can try it out. Let's go ahead and say, lick sniper open. And let's just do a small position this time. Just in case there's some errors. And then let's go ahead and put a timed out sleep of 10 seconds. And then let's close it. So lick sniper close. We'll pass them the symbol. And the size again. I would just go ahead and say this though. Size equals position size. Because that's what we want to close that right. We want it. This is a closing order. So size equals position size. And then if it's bigger than size, then it's equal size. Perfect. And while position size. It's bigger than zero and position size is zero. Okay, that's good. Okay, I think this is going to work now. So, you know, whatever, put it in whatever there. It doesn't even matter. I guess I don't even need to put size in this one. Oh, I should also get the up here. I can get the if it's going to be a side. So I can do side down here. So zero one will be the side. And this would be position of the one. So let's go ahead and do this. Position info. Position info. Position info. It's equal size 2 equals position size equals that. And then position side equals position info. So position side. So say if position side side equals. I don't remember what it says, is the thing. I don't remember what it says is the thing. I think it's self. It would be a by order and else it would be a cell over there. If it's a cell, we got a by-by. Yeah, that's right. So the size for the same size. And do I need to go ahead and bring anything in here? By equals true. Don't need that anymore. And size, I don't even need that anymore. So I just pass in the symbol. And we go ahead and say, OK, so we're going to buy. All right, let's see how this liquidy's never does now. It's going to enter in a position on the whatever liquidy there is. So let's just go with the flow here. And it's going down or the price is going down here. So let's just do that. And let's say false true. I need to go ahead and remember what these are. This is a tough part for me, at least memorizing things. Size by. And I'm sure there's a better way to do this. But whatever. So by equals true. So we would buy. I actually wanted to sell. So buy what equals false. And then size equals. Oh, it's actually bad. Because we removed that. So size equals 5,000. So it should sell. Let's try it. Should sell. Should open a position. OK, it just took the whole thing. And then it finished. And now it's going to wait 10 seconds and it's going to close. Let's make sure I'm in the position. Yes, I'm in a short position here. And then 600 only took 600 this time. Because that's what was on the ask, go to. And then 600 again. We still have 3,800 left. The remaining balance. What? So let's order history, active positions. I think order history, market, rejected. Why would it be rejected? Oh, because it's zero. No, no, failed. Size is 3,6. Why would it be so big? 3,6,021. So let's see what that closer going. What's going on there? 3,6,021. So if position size is asked big, bigger than position size, then big, big, big position size. And it tried to make order of 36 and big, bigger than position size than big, big, big, eagles position size. And this should get the new liquidity every time through. It goes through. Let's see if she's in my TE. Cannot cover estimated order of loss. Insufficient funds. Yeah, because it's trying to make order of 36,000. Okay, so that was $8,000. And then how would I... Well, it did the first two correctly, it seemed. And then just don't see. So it said 600. Okay, let's just go through this, like we are, I can do it. So it goes through and it gets the position info, gets the size of the position. And the size equals position size. So it goes, it gets the data, asks the liquidity. And then if the big liquidity is bigger than size, then it will be the equal size. So it went through twice and grabbed the big liquidity in the main big order. And then position size equals position info, two, and it got that, it got the size, our position size, and it did ask, if it gets the liquidity, and then it did make the bigger than position size, then it would be the size, and it did make, did make which should be position size. And then, ask lick, would be position size, and the size equals position size. And then it goes back up here, it gets the big lick, and the ask lick again, but it already got it there. It doesn't get it again, but it loops through here again, while position size is really zero. I don't know, it's tricky for me. So let's go ahead and just try it again. Let's put a pause there. Hope I'm not losing too much on this one, $7. Pause for a little longer. Let's see if we can get out of this position. So the size is 3,800 on it, click it out immediately. Okay, so finish, lay. All right, well, maybe it works? I think it should work. I feel like I need a test this again. I'm gonna do that. So let's go ahead and do the same test. I think I'm probably chewing myself up here with these. So I'm gonna make the position size a little smaller, just do 500. And let's do a solid again, and let's see 10 seconds in between. Well, it's week 30 seconds just to give it a chance to go on our favor. So we're gonna buy some orders, we're gonna make some buys. I don't know why we were gonna make themselves, for short. And I just did it all on one. Now it's finished. Now it's gonna sleep the 30 seconds. Margin $1.22, down 3% already. That's cool. So that's how bad like, he's just, maybe expecting a high leverage. What the, it just put in an order of 20,000. And now 8,800. So what's it doing? Okay, I got a stop to it before I start. I'm realizing, you know, that's dope. Okay, so what is it doing here? There's the question. It's getting the, it might just run in the wrong one. Big sniper clothes. Big sniper clothes. I guess the position in both position size, the position size, the position size. And then, you get this. So position size, it gets the bid ask, if the bid lake is bigger than the size, but where is size coming from? If bid lake is bigger than position size, then bid lake equals position size. And if ask lake is bigger than position size, then ask lake is size. Now while position size is over zero, oh, I see what it's going on. No, no, it's fine. Cell, we're going to cell. Oh, it could be this. Let's do a time dot seat before we make the orders. Let's say print position size. Okay. And just do the clothes. Oh, damn. Playing around on this, if this owl lives in a dollar. Okay, so the buy. How big is this position? It's a question of reason. Oh my God. I'm getting exposed. Just testing orders. I need a light for this one. This is no going on. Okay, so liquidity sniper. And so if it's buy. If position size is sell, then we have to buy that. But if it buy, then we sell that. That's right. Okay, maybe it was just the other thing that we fix. Okay. Just to run it. Just to run it. Just to run it. Just to run it. Just to run it. Just to run it. Just to run it. Just to run it. So you zero eight three. Okay, that's good. Okay, we're going to hit rocks a lot on this. Two one two one. That's good as well. 600. That's good. Okay, this looks like it's working now. It's taking another 600. That's all good. All right, so I think this works now. I think I'm just going to let this ride out. We just have a little configuration. But I'll go ahead and post this video as well. So now you have part two. So this part two. But we're going to use that. Hope you do it. Okay, wait, let me explain this. So now we've got open. The cleaning sniper and the clothes. Pass in the symbol. Open. Symbol. Size. Fireself. Two of us. Two of us. Two of us. It's by. It's falsies. It's so. And then the clothes it. You just do that. The cleaning clothes. And we just went through all the clothes. So I was just zoomed through it. Or a place. You see it? If you want to reverse screenshots or whatever. Appreciate your time today. And I look forward to seeing you. Next one. See ya. We're going to dive right in and build a beginner's trading bot that changed my life. Because once I built my first bot, I was able to start thinking of strategies and then just hand them off to my bot. And it would trade for me. Which removes all emotion. And I don't know about you. But for me, a motion gets in the way of my trading a lot. If I'm hand trading, even a strategy that is good with legit edge. Well, if I'm supposed to exit at one point, it's sometimes hard to exit. For example, if you're looking at this chart here. Let's say you go into a position. Let's say you go into a position right here. Let's say you go into a position right here. And it's a long position. Right? And you actually, you win. Like, it goes up on you. Well, it goes up 2%. And you're right here. And even on the exit, sometimes hard to close. Because when do you exit? Do you exit on this bar? Do you exit on this bar? Do you exit on this bar? Or do you get all the way up here with a nice, healthy 2% win? And then think it's going to go higher. And then it pulls back on you. Right? So it's quite tricky to control your emotions. Of course, you need a strategy with actual edge. A strategy that works. But how do you really know if your strategy works if you don't know how to automate it? If you knew how to automate it, well, guess what? Then you could back test it and see that, hey, that strategy's worked for the last five years, 10 years, 20 years. That's why trading bots and building trading algorithms have absolutely changed my life. Now, you don't have to have some fancy degree to do this. You don't have to have like, you don't have to go to school for computer science. I sure didn't go to school for computer science or math in order to be an outlawed trader. It's not just for super smart developers. And on top of that coding, it's really not that hard. Especially for building trading algorithms. Because it's pretty straightforward. You don't have to build like graphics and like, put it on the web. You just run it from your computer. So you just have to follow along and just watch. Even if you don't know how to code, like I'm going to literally build a bot here today with you because this is what I do every single day on this channel. Is I just invite you into my workroom. No matter what, every single day I'm building new bots or tweaking my old bots or building new functions in order to make my bots more profitable. And I came across, I've been trading a couple years back and there was just no information on it. There was no way to learn. And to me, a kid who grew up on the internet, loves. If I can't learn it on the internet, that's weird. So all I'm doing is letting you in over my shoulder while I build my bots. And if you have questions, I'm here for you. And let's just go ahead and start building it. The bot I want to build today is a supply and demand zone bot. So if we look at this one hour chart here, we can see like around here, ish. I wish I knew how to make the box here. I've seen it before and trading here. If you know how to make the little square instead of just a line, let me know. But around here, this is when price popped off, like a boom. Around here, this is where price drops off. So I would say this is kind of a supply zone if I make another line here. I really wish I knew how to make the square. Not too good with trading here, but I can make the lines at least. Right here, this would be like a demand zone and supply and demand zones are really based off of like winner. Winner the big money guys buy the banks, the hedge funds, the ones that have a lot of money. Well, they're usually buying in demand zones right here and that's why the price moves viciously. But then you can see this is a bit of a supply zone that turned into a demand zone. So, you know, I'm fairly new to the definition of supply and demand zone. I don't see too much of a difference from support and resistance, but the way I'm going to build this bot, and like I mentioned, you know, I'm not like a math genius or anything. I'm just a trader that knew I could automate some of my strategies. So, like, don't be worried if you don't know how to code at this point or you're not amazing at it. Anything in life just takes repetition. And for me, I knew I could improve my trading by just automating parts of it. Like, if I really wanted to exit a position, well, my bot's really going to exit because it's a computer. There's no emotion in there. And if I really want to enter at a specific point, well, if it's built into my bot, it's really going to enter. So, that's what I love about it. And that's why I really think this is changed my life. And it's one of those things that is going to allow me to trade automatically for the rest of my life because, you know, it took a little bit of time to learn it. But just like you watching this video, you just got to keep watching. Just keep watching, keep watching, even if it doesn't make sense. And eventually, it's going to make sense. Now, I was watching videos that weren't really about I'll go trading because there wasn't much information out there, but that's my duty. So, I'm essentially going to make a bot that tries to buy in these zones where price in the past has made big moves. So, right here, this looks like a pretty big move. Let's see if we can paint it. I think if I knew how to make that bot, I guess I could just Google it. Let's say that's a supply zone. No, that's a demand zone. That's a demand zone. So, if price ever gets down here, we won't be barred. Now, here, it looks like also a mini demand zone from what I can see. Now, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong, but this is the bot I'm going to build today. And that's the thing is there's no right or wrong in trading because especially I was trading. Sometimes you'll have the wrong definition of things and you'll build something and then you'll back test it and it's like, oh, that actually did really well. And that's awful for me. So, this looks like a little bit of a supply zone. As you can see, it made a big red bar. So, the way I'm defining it right now is I'm looking for these big bars. So, big red bar. So, I would call this supply zone because there's too much supply and there's so much. And then down here, a big green bar. So, this is a demand zone. But then look at this. This supply zone turns into demand zone. And down here, well, you can see if we scroll back to this one up here, you can see another big red bar around this bar. And a big red bar around this part. So, the way I'm going to build this is I'm just going to use these levels as either buyer cell levels, but you know, they can quickly turn into the opposite. For example, like if for here, this one right here, this looks like it's been a bit of a supply zone. But then once it broke through that supply zone, it turned into the demand zone. So, I want to identify, I'm going to write this out. Identify, supply and demand zones. And buy and supply, or the demand, and sell and supply. So, this is going to be a really cool bot because I can then use this function that we build in any of my bots. So, let's go ahead and just start building it. Now, even if you don't know how to code, don't worry about it. We will get there together. Let's go ahead here. And let's see what's going on. Go on a code here. Now, this code, I've just been working on a few different bots on the channel. They're all on the channel. But I'm just going to scroll through it really quickly so you can screen-shot it, whatever. This is the discord down there and a lot of them right. Feel free to ask any questions there, or over love. But take us some screen-chiles of this because I'm not going to go over it. These are imports that I've been using. These are the inputs. Not really all of them are going to be necessary. Inputs, more inputs. And then this is connecting to the exchange. This is super important. So, Femex, CCXT.femex, and enable the rate limit, API key. You can put your API key in here just like this. Like this, but I hit it because I can't be sharing it on YouTube. So, just so you get kind of what all the code is up for. Take your screen-chiles and code all that up if you need it. If you're following along in the code. But now I want to go ahead and you can see the aspect as well. You can probably use that. We'll probably use the position info. Let's make sure you get that real quick. But now you should be good to go. So, we were working on liquidity snake for the last time. I want to go ahead and say, let's supply demand zone. And let's go ahead and say print starting supply and demand zone calculation. Calculate shuns. And then let's just run it. Make sure everything is working fine. And let's put a time dot sleep here. Raise this up a bit. Close this up a bit. So, time dot sleep. And we're going to make it for like a bunch of time. So, it never goes past it. And let's just run that excuse me. I got a little cold. So, I apologize if I sniffled it up in your face like this. It's no problem. Okay, so starting supply and demand zone calculation. So, what do we do from here? Well, we have to get the information that we need from probably going to go ahead and. How do we want to do this? Let's go ahead and write this out first. So, get open high load, close volume data. I probably want to do it from Coinbase. Well, I'm already connected to the Femex. So, get open high load, close volume data. Okay, well, we actually have that data over here in nice functions. Let's see here. Let's close that. Don't say nice functions. November. Okay, so it's actually December now. So, let's go ahead and make a new folder for December. Let's say December 22. We're just going to keep going. We're going to keep going. So, well, I guess I'm already working in time November. I'm just going to keep going November, whatever. That doesn't matter too much. So, supply and demand zones. Let's see if we're already importing our nice function file. Nice function file. I've gone over in a ton of videos. So, you can just watch it in those other ones. They're just asking me below or just going whatever. In this file, we actually have our open high load, close volume data. So, I'm going to close some of this stuff just to get it out the way. Above we have the position info and the ask bit. We need the open high load, close volume with all our data. So, I think it's just like a git df function here. So, here's the ask bit dfsma. Okay, let's use this one. So, we need to pass in all this stuff. Then, I'll just go here and say, and, because I imported this, and, and got, whatever this is. There, dfsma. dfsma. And then we need to pass in all this symbol, time frame. Let's call sd for supply demand time. And then, sd limit. So, supply demand's own limit. And then, sma, sd, sma. Okay, so, let's go here and make all of these. I can delete this, no? So, these are the things I have to pass in. And so, let's do that. So, let's say, the time frame, sd time frame, sd time equals. What do we want the time frame to be? Well, let's do it up to one hour. That sounds nice. Let's do sd limit, and let's do that. Do it 200. Well, maybe we should do it for the four hour, then. It probably will give us a little more definitive. It'll give us more information. Let's see how long this is. Like, this whole little diagram I built here, I want to see how long this. 21 days. Dang. So, 21 days. 21 days. I could have done this one ahead. Times four hours is 84. So, but what is 21 days times 24 hours? 21 times 24. 524. So, if we did that hourly, we wouldn't be able to get all of your back there because we only have 200 bars. So, let's do the 200 limit. But what's 200? Okay, we're going to do four hours. Just more data, you know? Then the SMA will do, we'll just do the 20 SMA somewhere in between. Okay, so let's go ahead and say this, the S, the S equals that. And then let's print the S. And we'll put this at the top. Okay, so we've got two hours. We're running a function that says print that, we'll say it's applying the man, we're pressing these little things. And we're going to print the D. So, if it's a bunch of good information, perfect. Let's open this up a bit so we can actually see it. Alright, so we have the open all the way to 1029. So that's like two months of data. That's really good. And if we wanted to change this, we could change it to, oh, that's what we should do for sure. So what I'm thinking is, what if we wanted like 15 minute data? Well, we would change it right here. But I think there's a better way to do this. And we could do time frame. Let's take this, put it right there for now. And what I'm going to do is, because if I want to do this on like the 15 minute time frame with different SMAs and all that good stuff, then I can do it. Oh, maybe I should just do this though and always get max and always get the 20 SMA. Because I don't, I don't foresee having to change that too much. So I'm going to put the this stuff in there. And you know, this is super easy to change. And then I'm going to say SD time equals SD time. And essentially, this is going to, so right now if I run it, it should give me the four hour time frame. See this? 4, 8, 12, 16, 20? Okay, but what's this? Now if I say, I want the one minute time frame. Beautiful. I love coding. Look at this. 12, 8, 9, 10, and so on and so on. Alright, so that's great. So by default, this gets the... By default, it gets the four hour, but can pass in any time frame. That's pretty nice, right? So we can pass in any time frame. No problem, huh? And now that we have this information, let's just pass in the regular, the four hour, and let's see what we can do with it. I think there's support and resistance on here too. Look at this. Support and resistance. So... How do we want to go ahead and do this? Okay, so this is the four hour support. This is the four hour resistance across the last, this many days. So we might want to go ahead and say, hey, we want... So I want the four hour. I want the one hour. I want the one day. I want the 15 minute. That should cover it, right? The four hour, one hour, one day, 15 hour. I could do like five or one minutes too, but I don't really want to play around in those waters right now. So how would we go ahead and get all of these? So let's say, DF. So we might not even need to pass this in, but we'll see. As D time, I might just go ahead and say copy here. Let's see. There might be a better way to do this, but... Yeah, then for sure it's a better way to do this. Let's just make a times, time friends equal. Let's say, 15 minutes, one hour. And that wasn't correct. Four, it's just a age, not a H-R, four hour, and then one day. And with this information, we can then just loop this. Do we want to make a loop though? Because if we loop it, just thinking it's through. And I apologize. Sometimes I do have to think things through because I'm actually coding this live and thinking it through live. Hopefully this is helpful for you. Let me know if it is helpful for you to hear my thought process. Because the way I look at it is, you know, I could just code here every day. And build these bots. And, you know, if they do well, that's awesome for me. But like, it's way better if I, you know, I don't know how many people watch this. You're watching this. If I could help you. And like, one thing that I do, like, changes your bot forever, that is so awesome. Right? I'd spend a few hours in the day coding. And I could do that just all alone and just help myself. But if I code here, then I might be able to help you. Hopefully. No, we don't. I'm going to skip doing this. I'll just keep doing this for a couple of years. But eventually, you know, it's... I don't know. I'm not going to stop running. That's for sure. But let me know if you have any questions. You know, I'm here to help. So, I appreciate you. So, my thought here is, I could do through this. But when I look through it, then it's a little harder to get the information that we need. So, I think I'm just going to run it. And, you know, it might be a little spaghetti code. Oh, well. I'm just going to say this. Let's do it as the time. Let's say the 15-minute. And then we can just do this for each. And I'll say, DF, 15-minute. That's better, right? And then I'll just do the same thing, but for all of them. So, 15-minute, I want the one hour. So, this is called as 1h. And then do a little copy pasting. And then let's call this one 4 hour. And the reason I'm doing this is because I want to make sure to have supply, resistance, support, resistance for all of these. And then based off of this support, resistance for all of these different timeframes, I can play around and figure out what is a real supply zone, what is a demand zone, where the prices are actually moving heavy and so on and so on. So, let's call this one one day. So, I'm calling this function that we built four times. And just to make sure, oh, I got my dough shared today, don't click on that. I got to make sure not to click on that. So, you can see 15 minutes and it's calling the 15-minute. SD limits, 200, SD, SMAs 20, symbols the same for all of them. And this one's one hour, one hour, this one's, and then one hour print, and four hour, four hour, and then one day, one day. Okay, so this should be good to go. And then after this, I want to figure out where price moves big up or down, and create supply and demand zones. And then we want to output, supply and demand zones. Well, I guess the correct word is that return, supply and demand zones. Okay, so I think we're pretty good to go here. Let's go ahead and run this, see if it works before I get a little too confident, you know? I'm not even using this anymore. I think I'm going to delete it for now. I think this looks good, let's run it. Should get four. Okay, that's one, two, three, four. Perfect. Okay, so, you can see here that this one's the daily, because it's five, it goes back 200 days. So we can see, it's open, the high, the low, the low, and then here is the, what is this? This is a four hour, and we have all the data that we need. And just to make sure you have this function, because I know sometimes I fly through things, this is a DFSMA, just quick screenshot. If you want to, if you need this, looky-looking, looky-looking, scrolling down, looky-looking, all right, you got it. So I've just had some comments in the past saying, I don't cover some data and my bad. But I put it all on my YouTube, this YouTube is like all of my work for the last year. And so it's just like a lot of stuff here. We have everything we need, though. I think we are good to go, and this is a good place to, you know, one of my thesis is my DSI, however you want to say it, is, you know, the reason I'm automated training, I'm not automated, I'm making all my strategies automated is because I'm a human. And I got a drink coffee, I got drink water, I got an easy restroom, and all that good stuff. But my bot doesn't have to, so the idea behind this bot is, okay, well, you can trade off the supply and demand zones for me, which I would probably be doing if I was hand-trading, but like I said, I'm going to trade and change my life. And this is one of the reasons why, because now I could, if I have something to do right now, like I have a call, I got to go to gym, I got to eat, well, guess what, my bot can keep trading. So I think this is a good place to go do some of those things that I have to do as a human. And I'll come back with next part of this video where we'll figure out where the supply and demand zones are. Now that we have all the data, we've got the support and resistance, which are pretty close to supply and demand zones. But now we have to formulate, how do these different data sets combine into a supply and demand zone? And do we need more? Do we need less? Do I need to put the one minute in? Do I need to put the five minute in? Maybe. But I'll have to do that in the next video, because I got to get paid. In this video, I want to talk to you a bit about what I would do if I was still a hand trader. And this is exactly what I would do, and it absolutely changed my life. It's pretty simple. When you're a hand trader, let's for example, talk about if you're trading off support and resistance or supply and demand zones. Well, something like this might happen. You might buy in this demand zone right here, and it might go up. Right? And you might be waiting, waiting, waiting. And what happens here? Well, it goes down, you exit, and then guess what happens? It rips again. So now I know it's a winning trade, which is great. But what if a bot could kind of analyze and see, hey, well, this supply zone right here, or this supply zone, it's actually been a demand zone in the past. So we can see back here that when I come back, it looks like there's been some big movement in this zone here. And a bot might have been able to identify that. While a human, it's a little harder to do be