ed bar. Now I'm going to build this out and I'll probably add more questions to it later. But for now, I think those are three really great questions. And I'm pretty sure I actually had some more. Let me go ahead and check my notes here because these questions are really going to make sure that I'm at least cognizant of my actions. Right? So let's go ahead and just start with that. And what we'll do is we'll go ahead and just build this out. So let's go ahead and say start. Say start equals input. Would you like, sorry, I need to make this a string, would you like to buy and we'll put that as a B. So I enter B to buy. Sell and I'll enter S for sell or kill meaning this will hit our kill switch. So this buy is going to ask me these questions and then it's going to say hey do you want to buy sell, kill or just risk control. And I'll say to control risk, you push anything. So kill is K that will give me out of any positions I have sell will be to short buy will be to buy. And then it's going to do everything for me. So this is so great, right? Because even if you're hand trading, you can automate pieces of it. And I don't know if I mentioned this but I literally need to build this today. That's why I just decided to build some things here on YouTube because I know nobody else is going to share this information. Print going to buy. And I already have a size up here. So at the top I've already said hey what size I want leverage. Let's bring that way now. Target let's put that at 8%. Let's put this at 3.7%. Size. Let's just put 10 for now. And lock out loss in dollar terms. That can be whatever but you can see I have in this bot I already have like hey if I hit a max drawdown, a 5,000 will be out for the day. And I have all these videos across my YouTube or in the discord. You can get to the discord there should be a link below. You get all the code there as well. Just put in your email address and I'll invite you to the discord. But the you can see we just built this max daily trades. So I'll close that for now. But what I wanted to show you up here is the symbol the size leverage. Because I'm going to put it into this because I'm going to essentially say when I start the bot I'm going to say do I want to buy, sell, kill or just control risk. And going to buy size whatever the sizes of symbol with leverage. Left. And then we want to go ahead and say we want to set the leverage. The max dot set leverage. And say leverage. And then we want to pass in the symbol. And then we want to say cancel all orders just in case there's some open orders there. And then we want to create the bi order. The max dot create limit by order. And then we'll say symbol. We'll say size. We'll bring in the ask in the bid which I need to create. And I'll do that here in just one second. And then we want to bring in the params equals params. And that will create the by order. And then I'm going to say time dot sleep. Three seconds. Okay, perfect. So we need to go ahead and make this ask bid function here. It's not too hard to do. Just put it up here. Death ask bid. And from there we'll go ahead and just write that out. So this is going to get the ask in the bid price. So it'd be death ask bid. We want to pass in the symbol. Sorry, symbol equals symbol. And then we want to say order book equals themix dot fetch. Fetch order book. And then symbol. And then we want to get the bid equals ob. And that equals the asks. At the zero position zero position. And then the ask equals ob. Asks sorry other one should be bid. And then we want to return. The ask the bid in the ob. So I'll change this to bits. Perfect. So now we have the ask bid function. Fetch is the order book. Grab the bid. Grab the ask. And then it returns those three things. So let's go ahead and close that. And then you can see the ask bid. Now works here. Now I don't have the params in here. So I actually have to import params as well. So let's just put those params up here. Equals time in force. Now what does this do? This makes it so it's only a post only order. Meaning it will never fill my order as a market order. Which I love. Because it saves you a lot of money when you're trading a lot. Okay perfect. So if b equals that, then we make the buy order. So if I input b, it makes the buy order. And if I import, if I input s, it should make the sell order. So let's just do this same thing here. So I'm going to say if, if, or LF, sorry, LF start equals s, s, then paste all that in. I'm going to say sell size, leverage, set, then we want to change this to sell. Then we want to ask bid zero. Because then put it on the ask instead of the bid. And then time. Now if I want to kill the position, LF start equals equals k. Then I want to kill the position. So we say kill switch. Do I have a kill switch in here? I don't, but I do have it in my other one. And we've gone over this a bunch on my channel. If you need to kill switch, just let me know in the discord. Starting, I'll put this above actually. I'm not going to build out the kill switch on this video because I've already built it somewhere else. Like I said, you can just get into this core. Starting kill switch. And I'm just going to plop this into one of my, my risk bot later. So I'm just going to mark that out for now. And then try to remember. And then else. Print. Just controlling risk. So since this is going to be run from my risk bot, it's automatically going to control the risk aka. It's going to look at the PNL. Make sure if we hit our target, then we'll exit. If we hit our max loss, we'll also exit. So that's just going to push it into that. And from there, what I want to do is. From here, I want to go ahead and say. Where do we want to put these questions? So let's go ahead and say questions, dear. Questions. Questions. And then down here. I want to say questions, dear. To CSV. And we'll just say question entry questions. Entry questions dot CSV. And say index equals false. And just like that, we should have, okay, so it should create the questions, dear. Just like that. So sorry, I think sometimes, but this is what I do on the daily. So you do appreciate me just sharing everything I'm literally building. To tap that, tap that thumbs up button. Always helps me. Questions, yes. So we're going to say that. And it's going to create a new data front. And then once we create that new data front, we should actually make a temporary, too. And say, Tim. And then here. We'll go ahead and put the questions. The F is by temp. Eight hours equals. Input. Did you sleep eight hours? And let's do that here as well. So we'll just do that for the opening and closing. So if the buyer or sell, did you sleep eight hours? Now, I kind of want to test this before going too far. Looks like the market just opened. So I'm kind of curious what's going on here. QQQ. Looks like a little bit of a pullback. Google, coin, Apple is the one that really moves things. Okay, interesting. Anyway, so what we're going to do here is we create the DIA. And we create a temporary DIA. And then we're going to append. So we want to do some appendings. Now let me think about how to do this. Let's say this. Scratch my head and that's something hurt. Another good sign. Okay, so. Let's say questions. DF questions. DF equals. Questions. DIA dot append. Questions. DIA temporary. And then we make it a CSV. And that will go there. And then I think what we want to do is later. We want to have a. The DF go ahead and read in this. You know what I'm saying? So. I'm going to do this questions. DF. So we'll run this on the first one. DF equals. Questions. DF equals PD dot. Re. CSV. And then whatever we named it as down here, entry questions. Like this. Like that. And for now, we'll mark it out because we haven't even created it yet. But let's go ahead and see if this works. I would like to date in the time in there as well. But I think we'll get to that in a second. So let's go ahead and say, let's run enter questions. And I'm not actually going to create the orders right now because. No need. So let's mark those out for now. Enter questions and let's run it and see what happens. Would you like to buy? Sell. Kill or just. So I'm going to click buy. Did you sleep eight hours? Yes. Going to buy with ten. Going to buy ten of each with ten eggs. Okay, perfect. Now let's see if it made the file. Huh. I don't see the file. Oh, because it's down here. Okay, okay. So let's say copy relative path. And let's put it in here. A lot of room by the bank. X. Paste it in there. Boom boom. Come up here and put it in there. And let's run this again. I do have a couple of things I want to change here. I want to make this look a little prettier. There we go. Now let's see what happens. I kind of want to put why for yes. Make it a little better for formatting reasons. Like I'm thinking like in the future, what I'm going to do is add some machine learning to this. I'm going to need a lot of trades. But I'm going to then have all of these questions, right? And if I can get them in yes or no answers, then if I get like a thousand trades, probably even more trades than that, then I'll have all of this information. Like eight hours, did I sleep eight hours? What was I on till? Was I on gamblers of mentality? And any other questions I want to add? And now I'll have this huge file of all of these questions and answers. And then it will be able to throw it through the ML. And it will be able to tell me like what types of days I have. And that will give me a little bit of edge. And then from there, obviously, we can see what works well. And if I ask the right questions over time, then we can just have this trade for itself as well. So a lot of people ask me, how do I come up with new strategies? Sometimes I'll just hand trade. And I'll just see like, okay, what's good, what's bad? And I've noticed that when I do hand trade, if I did get a good sleep, I'm not going to trade as well. So that's why it has this weird question. Some people are going to be like, oh, I don't need that sleep. Well, that's cool, but I do. Did I sleep? Yes. So, okay, again, the cell. And then it should have logged in. Entry questions. Eight hours. So I didn't log it. I just did it incorrectly. So let's go back to the risk helper. Let's say, let's put this. Just put this as, eag. Hour. And then that equals. Oh, actually, you know what? I think I can do this without that. I think I just need to put another one of these. I don't know about that, to be honest, but we'll see. A lot of guests in check in, but that's what we do. So I want to buy. Did I sleep? I did sleep, maybe. That's my matter of fact, I slept way more than I did. I feel great. Feel great. Okay, that didn't work either. Okay, so I'm going to go back to this. Oh. So let's take this out and say eight hours. And then let's put this in here. Like that. Let's move that around. Say eight hours. Like that. And see if that works. You probably missing something, but that's all right. With me, because this is how we do it. So. Let's see if it went ahead and. Okay, perfect. So yes, eight hours. Perfect. Okay, now here, you know how we made the data for him? We're actually going to now make it. We're just going to read it in and. Let's go ahead and put this question here as well. So it's on the buy and the stuff. And. Let's also put this. Eight hours by cell. Equals start. Like that. So it'll tell me if the buyer is up. Just like that. The S. What else do we need? We need the time. I want the date time in there. So let's get that going. So to get the date time, we'll do this. We'll say now equals date date time. Now. And then we'll format it. Format it into sdrf time. And then we'll say percentage. percentage M percentage D percentage Y. And then. And we'll say hours. And then I'm just going to do minutes. I don't need seconds. So date time string. So let's go ahead and say questions. Yeah. Equals. Dang, I love this stuff. It's just like sometimes when you're thinking about building something, it's going to be so hard. But then you just take it one block at a time. And it's just not that hard. So like if you're scared of starting. Just start. All this DT. Okay, so now this should get the date time, the string. What other questions do we want here? Let's go ahead and test this. Make sure it works. Enter questions. I don't think it's going to work because I did this. I'm going to reset the. Do this again. Do that later once all the questions are there. Okay, and let's run it. So I should have the date the by itself. On the by. I did. Okay, gonna buy. Now let's look at the entry questions. So 1114, 946, bought. Yes. Perfect. This is looking great. But I want some more information in there. And the information I want is. Symbol. So let's say symbol. Sim. We'll just pass in the symbol here. Okay. And then I also want the size. And put in the size there. And I want the leverage. Because all of this information is going to. I'm going to be able to. You see what I'm saying? Like I'm logging all of this information. And then I'm adding in some personal things. Like how do I feel? Did I sleep well in all that good stuff? The size, the leverage. And I'm just building this database of. All this information. And later I'm going to be able to track it back and say, Oh, well, this happened that day. Well, what was the symbol? What was the size? What was the leverage? That was I buying or was I selling? Does sleep eight hours or that not? So let's keep it going. And let's ask the other questions. Let's go ahead and just copy paste that. Eight hours. What is the next question I wanted to ask? I don't remember to be honest. I know it's something with tilt. Did I write it up here, maybe? No, where did I write that? I feel like I wrote it somewhere. Anyways, I know the questions. Tilt. So tilt, if you're not familiar, is like, I look at it as like you're uncontrollable. You're like gambling pretty much. Or in a gambler's mindset, yes or no. And then I'll say tilt is about here. We'll say tilt. And then I want to ask one more question. And that question is going to be. Am I longing? Langing a green bar or shorting a red bar? Well, what I call this long, L green, short red, stupid name, but whatever. Which is called red green. Okay, I think this is great. This is going to log all of the questions I need to log. And the most important part is it's making me think like, do I actually want to enter this trade? Because sometimes you'll just be mashing the buttons. It's not a good way to trade. You don't want to just mash your way into a trade. So I think this is pretty good now. Let's go ahead and just duplicate it over to the buy. Did I sleep eight hours? Buy cell? Okay, I think this might be looking good now. Let's go ahead and run it. And let's have it just question me because I need to be questioned. If I'm going to hand trade, I would like to be questioned. So be and I know this will slow down the entry, but I don't really care. Like if I'm going to hand trade, I'm not scouting. I'm going to have a second for my hand trade is going to be. Am I until or in a gambler's mindset? No. Am I long in a green bar or short in a red bar? That's a good question. No. Because I went long. Okay, I'm going to buy. And then I could say, I could make this even better and I can question myself. Like are you sure, bro? So I could say like if green. Yeah, maybe I'll do that in the future. Let me know if you want me to do that. So what I'm thinking is, hey, I could say like if these answers don't correlate, like for example, if I say yes to these ones or no to this one, then it could like pause for a second or something and be like, you sure you want to enter this trade? This is against your rules. Or I could have it say just like, no, you're not entering this trade. It just kills the process. I kind of like that. What if I did that right now? So if... Let's do that. I like that a lot, actually. Like I said, sorry, I free ball some of this. Like I'm literally building this right now and I need it for my hands rating. Just to make sure when I do hand trade, I'm safe as can be. Because I have a thesis that we are actually not bad traders. You know, if you put in your time and you understand how to trade, you're not a bad trader. It's just sometimes your emotions will get that. You get the best of you. So I can you do a break? Let's see here. Break can only be used within a... What about continue? How do you break out of this? I'm just going to do this. If... Tilt... ...equals... Yes. Or... ...L... ...green red S... ...equals... ...yes. Or... ...eight hours... ...eight hours equals no. Print... ...na... ...brow... ...this isn't... ...is not an ideal trade. But I'm trying to think... ...oh... Oh, that's all I do. Perfect, perfect. I was going to do that way, but if Tilt equals no... ...is... ...equals no... ...and this equals yes, then we enter the trade. And then we put this here as well. Because this will just need the questions that I ask. And my bot won't enter unless these questions are correlated with these. So if Tilt equals that, just make sure these are all wrapped up correctly. Okay. And then else... ...print... ...not a good time to trade... ...so not. Doing anything... ...except... ...risk control. Because I'll put this into my risk bot. So it'll then just fall down to the end and it will not... ...do anything. I love this. I'm so excited. I'm about to go hand trade after this. Even though I promote not hand trade in, I just want to have something for when it's needed. And I know that sounds like a gambler right there in itself. But for example, if I don't have an algo to capture the certain situation, like a news event or something like that... ...and I want to get it in trade, well, if I'm going to do that, I'll make sure it's as safe as possible. Alright, so let's do the same thing here. So let's bring this down here. Let's bring this over. And then let's copy this little same here. And then we'll test it out. Not a good time to trade. Okay, this is a beast entry now. Because it's not going to let me. That's what I like. It was cool before because it would suggest it would make me think those questions through. That was cool, but I think this is even cooler because now I'm just not going to do it. So it's really going to end the data frame or it should be. We'll do that next time. Let's run it twice. This is awesome. I love this. So we're going to buy. Did I sleep eight hours? Yes. Am I in a gambler's mindset? No. Am I longing a green bar or short in a red bar? No. Okay, it's going to buy. Perfect. Let's delete this. Not delete it, but with unmarked. Let's go ahead and see what happened to that entry questions. Okay, so 11, 14 at this time. ETHUSD by 10. Leverage 10. By y equals. Yes, eight hours. Till no. Green. No. Okay. Perfect. So now let's try it again. But I'm going to answer the questions wrong. So like, oh, I just got built. I just got killed on a trade. I'm trying to get back in. I'm going to sell it. I did sleep. But I am in a gambler's mindset. So I'm going to play it. Yes. And then am I shorting? No. Oh, but it's still worked. Okay. So that did not. I'm going to sell it. So I did add. Till does no. Oh, sorry, sorry. This should be ends. So all of these have to be. And true. Okay, let's try that again. So I want to sell. I get my eight hours. Yes. Yes. And then no. Not a good time to trade. So not doing anything. Perfect. Now let's see what happens over here. To the entry questions. I think I want to add another. Not question, but another. Another input. Do action equals. Enter. Did not. It would be the other action. Or no entry. Actions. No entry. Perfect. That seems good to me. I'm going to either enter or not. And we'll go out and say enter. Or here. No. Just like that. Just make sure it's the same. Okay. Let's run this one more time and see how this does. So I want to buy. Does sleep eight hours? Yes. Am I in a gambler's mind? Yes. No. Not a good time to trade. Just controlling risk. Okay. No entry. Perfect. Now let's go back one more time and run it one more time because I think this is going to be helpful. Let's say I want to sell. Does sleep eight hours? Yes. And then am I in a gambler's mind? Am I in a gambler's mind? No. Okay. It's going to sell. Perfect. And then if I look at my entry questions, it says enter. Perfect. All right. This is awesome. I can't wait to use it. I hope you enjoyed this. This is my day to day. I'll probably go ahead and try to play around with it a little more. Maybe answer some more questions or ask some more questions. I'm essentially trying to build this up to a database so I can see where I entered, I didn't enter and which ones became profitable and which ones didn't. So if you have any questions, I'm here for you. Ask me in the question section below or you can ask me in discord. How do you get access to discord for the link below? Just put in your email and I'll send you access to discord in like an hour or so. So that's it. If you want me to go over this and show you the machine learning parts that I'm going to add into this or any next questions and other things I'm going to do, just let me know. And I'm here for you. I hope you a wonderful day and I'll see you next time. If I had to trade from work, this is exactly what I would do. Now I know a lot of us have jobs. We have to be working eight hours a day. We might have a business we're working on. But we know exposure to the market is profitable if done right. Now one thing most people don't do correctly is they buy off emotions or sell based off emotions. And my whole thesis is we are not naturally bad traders but the one thing that keeps us bad is our emotions. We know we're supposed to buy when it dips and sell when it rips. And we know we're supposed to short on big green bars and long when it dips way down here. But the problem is is we have emotions and we might see this green bar right here and want to long it. And then boom, red bar. So naturally we know when to enter an exit. But we can't really do that because oh I got to go to work. I got to go work on my business. Oh I got to go to school. Oh I got to do this. I got to do that. We're humans. We have things to do. It's not your fault. We all have things to do. We have to eat, we have to use the restroom and so on and so on. So this is exactly what I would do if I had a full-time job and I needed to trade. Matter of fact I run multiple businesses so I do have a full-time job. Now I might not be going into the office but I can't be sitting here all day looking at this chart and deciding when to get in and out. So this is exactly what I would do. I would simply if I wanted to go long if I wanted to buy something I would have my bot look at the best time to buy. And I would have that bot put in orders all around the best time to buy. Now when is the best time to buy? I don't know. But my bot and past research with back testing has shown me that it's way better to buy around the VWAP which is the volume weighted average price. Meaning the average price across where all the volume is. The average price. It's way better. It's a way better idea if you're going to buy. Buy there opposed to buying up here. See that green bar? This is where human will enter. Boom. Right. Now if you look at this gray line here, this is the VWAP. You can see that it's made multiple wicks through the VWAP if we could a bot sold. Bot sold. And so on and so on. So I want to show you how to do that with code. Build a little bot today. Don't worry about it if you don't know how to code. You don't need this super genius. I did not go to school for this. I don't have a degree in coding. I just was a trader that knew hey if I could remove my emotions, I would be much much better trader. So I'm going to build a bot today that looks at the VWAP and then puts the buy or sell orders around the VWAP. So let's go ahead and just do that. As I mentioned multiple times, I'm now a trader and I literally need to do this today. So I'm just going to do it on you. So let's go ahead and try to place here we can make a little function. We've been building all types of functions throughout this channel and different bots. Every single day I build a new bot or a new function. Just having my first sip of morning coffee which is phenomenal. So let's go ahead and say death. This is a billionaire function and this function is going to allow us to VWAP. Let's call it elegant entry. Because this is going to be an elegant entry. Because when I want to go long or if I want to go short, it's going to look at the right time to do that. When I want to take a position, look at the VWAP and put orders around there. Take the total size and divide it by three. To enter. We'll do that. Divide it by three to enter. How do we get the VWAP? Actually super simple. Let's go ahead here. Simply. First you're going to have to do your imports. Import CCXT math. Go ahead and screenshot this real quick. If you need me to slow down. Import all these things. And then I have my size, my leverage and so on and so on. And then we need to connect to the exchange. So this is how you connect to the exchange. Now you have everything you need. Go ahead and rewind if needed. But elegant entries. I want to go ahead and say now that I'm connected to the exchange, I want to say themix.fetch.tiger. Then I'm going to say symbol. And let's go ahead and say symbol. Let's pass in the symbol here. The symbol is symbol. We definitely want to make these posts only orders. So let's go ahead and do that. Let's say. Let's actually do that here at the top. Maybe we've already put it there. Yeah, we do. We have params post only. So only we'll enter the order if it's a limit order, which is great. Let's go ahead and see what this prints out. Let's say. Tigger info equal. Say print. Tigger info. And let's make sure we have the right symbol here. ETH is D is what I'm going to do for this. Print. Take a symbol. And then let's say. Aligate. Entry. Run this. Perfect. So you can see the symbol. Looky, looky, looky. V-walk. V-V-S-D. Just reading through this a bit. So let's make the ask is this. The V-walk is, it can't be that. It says $6.032. So that obviously can't be the V-walk. But that's okay because I have another waiting to view up. So let's just go get the view up. V-walk equals. Let's just type in pandas. Pandas TA V-walk. Super simple. How to add a V-walk to pandas TA. Oh, you know what? I actually have a V-walk somewhere. In my nice folks. See if I have my nice folks in here. I'm going to be in August maybe. Let's check out my folks. I guess pretty sure V-walk is in here. I pause it. I do this live. So this is a live coding session. I was not there. Let's go ahead and close this up. I was excited because it looked for a second. I was like the V-walk was going to be shown here. But it looks like it's just wrong. You can see it says V-walk. Maybe it's some sort of different V-walk. That's no worries though because we can easily create the V-walk. Let's go to Pandas TA. Documentation. Let's see if we can find the V-walk. So it looks like it's just TA. V-walk. I could just want to have the V-walk somewhere. I'm going to look for it because that would be nice to not have to rewrite it. Let's go ahead and see what's going on here. Looks like it's dumping a bit. Now a human would have entered. I don't want to think that I'm just taking part in human. Let's go ahead and see what the SMA is looking like. Maybe it did find the V-walk. Support resistance. I'm just going to grab all this information at least. I'm going to import nice folks. Let's go ahead and copy this over. Let's go here. Let's see nice folks. Let's go ahead and say risk-helper. It's import nice folks. Import nice folks. Nice folks will probably not work correctly because my connection is not right. XP. It seems to be J. It seems to be J. This needs to be don't share it can be. This needs to be... Look at that color. Don't share it can be. There we go. Now that should be connected. Change this. Let's go back to the risk-helper. Down here. We're going to go back to elegant entries. Let's get data. DF equals N- DFSMA. And then we'll pass N. This symbol. What else does it mean? This symbol is nice fun. Nice fun. Got nice folks though. Okay. The symbol it needs. Let's see what else it needs. It needs the symbol. It needs a time frame. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's do 1 hour. Let's do 120. Let's go back to the risk-helper. Let's go back to the nice functions. DFSMA. Oh, it just returns us. DF. So let's print DF. By the way, if you need this function, let me just look at real quick so you can use screen-chot in. Okay. See that part? Boom boom. Screen-chot. Boom boom. It needs a little function. Sometimes forget that I'm on video and I need to help you out with the actual functions that are prebuilt. So let's say I'll get entered now and see if we get the DF. Okay, perfect. So we get this data frame, which is nice. It shows the support, the resistance, and shows the volume, high low close. So it says 1275 is the resistance, and 1189 is the support. So let's go over here. 1189 is the support. So it goes all the way down here. 1189 probably. And then it says the resistance is 1275. So that's because it's 200 bars. 201 hour bars is a lot. But what about... What's 115-minute bars? The light of my 60s. It's 25 hours. It's probably plenty. So let's do 105-minute bars. It should be about 8 hours. And let's run it back. Because now it should be a little tighter range. It's too bad this view off. I got so excited when I saw this yesterday. I was like, oh, it calculated the view off for you. That's awesome. Okay, so support is 1207 now. That looks... All right. And then 1224. This is about 8 hours of data. I believe this is off the close. So in order to enter, I want my entries around... Either... So the way I would like to enter for this, I know I said view off to start, but... In reality, it's probably to have... Better to have it near support and resistance. So it's going to be less trades. You just think it through here. I want to have it support. If we want to go long, we put the orders near... Prison support, which would be down the edge. If we want to go short, we put a near resistance. Because in reality, the view off is good, but it's a little more aggressive. Now, if I was trading at work, I wouldn't want to be aggressive. I wouldn't want to get into a lot of positions. I would want to get into a great position. So... So let's put them by the support and resistance. Because then that's the easiest, simplest way in order to do this. If it's at support and resistance, it's not going to over trade. And I feel like if you're at work, you don't want to be trading at time. So... Let's say, look at the support... Resisting. Put orders around there. So, print D up, and then we want to go ahead and get support. Equals and then resistance. Equals. And... To get the support, I believe there would just be df.iloc at the negative one position. Whatever it says, what does it come out to say? It says resistance. It's support. Support. And then I believe this will be resistance. But resist. Like this. So instead of printing the data, well, I can put the data in just to make sure. Let's go ahead and say print F. This is... This is support. This is resistance. Resist. And support. Okay, so let's run that. So this gets support. And this is the resistance. So it looks like for the last eight hours. Well, you have about eight hours. You see, 1150 to 335. For the last eight hours, the support is 1207. Let's see if that's valid. Two hours. Eight hours. So eight hours is about here. So support is 1207. So all right around here. I guess the calculation didn't grab that wick. But that's fine because this is 1207 inch right here. And then the resistance says 1223. And eight hours is here. So 12.3. Okay, this is looking pretty good to me. So what I want to do here is enter orders in this section. So if I wanted to go long, I would want to enter orders throughout here. The bottom third quartile. And I wanted to go short. 1223. I would want to do it around here. So short in here, long in here. Perfect. I want to get the bend in the ass. Let's go ahead and keep this here. Let's get the bend in the ass. And I think I have that right up here. That's big. Let's say ask equals ass bend. That's a one. That's actually big. So big equals that. And so support. I'm just going to make this a little shorter. This is support. This is resistance. This is big. Just like that. I could just say this is the current price. And let's run this. See what we get. Okay, so this is the price. This is the support. This is the resistance. Let's do an average. Average of the support in the resistance. So let's say support plus resistance. And let's divide that by two. Divide it by two. And I know this isn't the true average price, but this will be an average of the support in the resistance. Okay, so 12.14 is right in between. It's more the midpoint. Old Scott mid. You see how this is already getting to be a better way to enter a tri-eighth then looking at the charts? The charts are like a slot machine. Charges are like a set up as a casino in my opinion. So you have to distract from the true numbers that actually matter. So you have support here. You have resistance here. The price of that. The midpoint is this. So where do we want to buy the way we want to say? Okay, let's go ahead and do a little input here. Let's say start. Enter equals. Let's say size. Entry. Divide equals input. Would you like to buy or sell? Yes. And then we'll enter that and then say if entry size equals B print. We are going to place by orders. Alive entry size equals cell print. We are going to place cell order. Perfect. Now if we want to buy, definitely want one buy at the support. So let's go say entry. How should we do this the most pathonic way? Let's say buy price equals support times. Support. This just depends on the. Let's say support times 0.1%. So 1.0 is there one. I believe you. If I price one. And then sell price one equals resistance times 0.99. Let's point 1% left. So we've got that. So those are good buy price one or one. Buy and sell price. Already can you see how if you're at work, you're not tripping because if you feel like you want to go along or short. And later I can show you how to have your bot beside you want to go along and short. Made a ton of videos already about that. But I want to show you something that will help you you know straight at work. Trade. Why are you doing something else? So we know the support is at 1207. Let's put some lines there. Let's just support. And then it says down here resistance is 12.22. Let's get to 12.22. It's like that. So that's resistance that support. And then the midpoint is this 12.14. 0.97. Close enough. That's the midpoint. Make that a smaller one. Color. Perfect. So now we know all that. We can even build things in like, okay well if it's massaged through support of resistance, we might want to take a directional trade the other way. So it looks like it came straight to the midpoint and bounced. So I might put a buy. Buy two. Make that buy two. And let's go ahead and say buy price one. Let's just say BP one. SP two. Change things up a little bit. And we'll make these smaller. But this can get us into a little bit of a position. So let's say let's just put it at the mid. It goes man. And this changes this to BP one. Or we need to. As Peter. Just like that. So first we have our first order here. At the midpoint. And that's going to be a small order. Maybe we should make this like 25% of size. And then the resistance and support can be 50% of size. And that's leaving 25 left. We will do 20% of size. 35% of size. 40% of size. 60. And then another 40% of size. Equals by price two. Five by three BP. Three. Equals. And then SP. Three. Equals. And how are we going to do these ones? Well, maybe we can wake up. Point two. So I'll do that. I'll make it point two five. So by price will be. Under it though. So these were over it. So this is going to be support. And then point two five percent less. So support times point nine. What would that be? Nine some five. No, I don't think that's 2.5. So that's nine, nine, seven, five. That's better because that is point two five percent less. And then the resistance, we'd actually have it above. So if the resistance times 1.0025. Point two five percent more. That makes sense? And let's do size one. Size one equals size times point two. That's 20 percent of the size. Size two equals size times point four. And then size three. Three. Three equals size times point four. So we're getting 40 percent, 40 percent. A little bit of love, a little bit of love. And then when you mix this in with the risk controls that we've put out throughout this channel. Well, it's going to enter and then it will exit if you have your max law. Which is awesome. So I have a question here. What's the difference between this point five? I don't think I want the myth. I think I want a little bit between the myth. That's what I'm going to do. Instead of the myth, I'm going to get the myth of the myth. We'll get the average of the myth and the support. So let's do mid times resistance divided by two. I like that better. Because that's going to give us the mid price plus the resistance divided by two. And it will put the entry around here. So if I'm shorting, I'll be entering like now, here and here. I like that a lot better. And then this will be mid times support divided by two. All right. That's way better in my opinion. Because I don't really want this noise down here. One, maybe by one, or by one, or by one, or by one, or by one, or by one. So two would be here, so three. I want it to be right here if we're shorting. So let's make it point one five just to make sure we get that entry. So let's change this to eight. Change this to one. And then the size is point four. Okay. So we're going to say down here, the mix, that cancel orders, cancel all orders, symbol. Just to make sure all orders are canceled. Let's do the same thing. Or well, I can just copy that over after. I'm liking this a lot because this takes out the emotion. And like for example, if you're headed to work or you got something to do, and you want to go longer short, well, you just set your bot to go longer short. It puts them in the orders. And then you have the bot running. If you look at my other videos, you've seen that we have a risk bot that will run and just monitor my position 24-7. And it'll take profits or stop me out whenever needed. So to do this, we just want to create limit by order. So let's type that and say femex.create limit by order because we want to the bot. We pass in the symbol. We pass in the size one. And then we pass in the price, the BP one. And then we pass in the brand. And then we do that two more times because we want three orders. So size two, change that, be sure to change these. That's how we forget that. And that's never good. And then three. Okay, so now we're going to place those three orders. If entry, side equals b, we're going to place those three orders. If it equals cell, we're going to then do the same thing. Sp, Sp, Sp. Sp. Believe the size, we'll say the same. Sp, one. Sp, two, Sp, three. So these should place the order now. So it's going to say, would you like to buy yourself? It's going to grab all this data. It made, it got the bid in the ass. It made the support and resistance. It made the in between support and resistance. Now eyeball this chart looks like we're moving upward. But it's also could be downward. It does, I don't know. That's the thing about not really trying to trade this right now. But I can build this into a bot that will analyze the data. And then it will put these elegant injuries as mentioned above. So let's go ahead and make sure my size is increasing. Size is 10. Make it 12. Potentially. And one thing we're going to want to make sure to do here, make sure it's an integer. So let's go ahead and say in, not by price, but size. Say in, just in case, so we can round at the whole numbers pretty much. It's going to round up or down, the test is on it. And to make sure that I'm going to put a odd number like 11. Let's go ahead and open this. Let's put the positions. See if this does it. It doesn't really matter which way I go right now. This is a little test. But I am building this for myself. Go ahead and move to these prints. Support versus if we can keep that one. We're going to place the bite orders at. So this would be buy price, one BP, one BP, two, two and BP, three. And then I'm going to say the same thing here. Let's just copy these. And put SP. SP. Okay, now let's see how this does. So we should see positions opening up here if I run this. But maybe not. Maybe an air. So it should ask me, do I want to buy or sell? Would you like to buy or sell? Let's go ahead and say buy. Air and place day. Open this up a bit so I can see a little bit. 167. So I have a net the air. It happened here. So let's see what we did. They didn't know air in place ordered. I should have seen this before. So I tried to create limited buy order. I tried to just do my math notes. So I wanted to create limited buy order. We pass in the symbol. We pass in the amount. Pass in the buy price. Okay, let's look at the buy price. Maybe the buy price can't be that many. That many digits. So let's try to make it a little smaller around it. Let's see if that fixes this. Oh my goodness, I see what happened. That's funny. So what I did here is I multiplied that. So it needs to be added. You probably saw that before I did. But these should be added instead of multiplied. Let's try that again. You should pop up now. Let's try to buy for the end on it. Let's save by. Okay, there we go. So, and then it used 12. You see that? Okay, perfect. This is working right. And then it put the orders in. Let's go ahead and just open this up with it so we can see where the orders are. Look at that. Isn't that a great way to trade? Instead of using your emotions. Okay, I want to buy. This is where I buy. This is my buy zone. Buying halfway from the midpoint to support. I'm also buying 