cause you have all these emotions. Now, while that might not have been the best example because it was a profitable trade, what if you had an entry where you see this and let's go and zoom in. You see this, up, up, up, up, up. And you're like, oh, I need to get in. I need to get in. And then, boom, it goes down. Well, if you're a good trader, you would exit. But as a hand trader, there's this thing called emotions. And emotions will have you, maybe I need to stay, maybe I need to stay in, maybe I stay, stay, stay, stay. And then boom, I was right. Look at that. It went back up. I was correct. But then you just get smashed on an 11% drop. So the thing is with hand trading, there's a lot of randomness. And when you add in your emotions, what I used to be a hand trader, I would get emotional. And I would see, oh, Greenbar, you know, you want to buy more or you want to hold. If you're in a position right here, or you take your profits too quickly, dang, I should have held out right here all the way on this whole rip. But all these things are just emotional, emotional comments I'm making currently. Right? And the reason I would build a trade now rhythm, and I have started to do that last couple of years, and has absolutely changed my life, is for that. To remove one element from trading. Like, you're probably a pretty good trader. I know I'm a pretty good trader, but the only thing that gets in my way is my decision making and the heat of the moment. So being able to remove that part has made me a much, much better trader. So today we've been working on a supply and demand zone bot that looks for the supply and demand zones. And then we can implement that into a bot that will essentially look at those zones and either buy or sell depending on the movement of the market. So I kind of explained it here, you know, in the green here, this is a bit of a demand zone. As you can see, because there are big bars that happen after it goes into here, big green bars. So we can call it the man zone. As you can see here, a bit of a demand zone as well. And as you can see here, the big breaks fall off here in this bit of a supply zone. Now, the part that to be honest is a bit confusing to me, but that's okay. Is this right here, if this is a supply zone, it looks like it's also the man zone. Because we've big red bars, but we also have big green bars. So I think supply zones can turn into the man zones as well. Now, as you can tell, I may not be an expert at this, and I just want to reassure you that you don't need to have a Harvard degree. You don't need to be a super smart mathematician in order to do outwardly trading and to automate your trading. And that's exactly what I would do if I was still hand trading. I would automate everything because it removes the emotion. But you don't need to be a genius because at the end of the day, even if I have a concept incorrect, I'm going to back test it before it runs. So as a hand trader, it's pretty hard to back test. You have to know how to build algorithms in order to back test. Sure, there's some platforms out there, but if you're using a platform, rest assured that everybody else is using that platform too. So what I've found, even when I'm not a total expert in trading system or strategy, I try to learn as much as possible. And then I will back test what I know and what I figured out. And it will tell me if it's profitable or not. And then I can learn some more and read some more papers and see, you know, okay, maybe I need to make this week or that week. And then I put it into the back tester and guess what? It tells me if profitable or not. And this constant iteration of testing, tweaking, trying different ideas, oops, I might have tried that idea incorrectly, but guess what? The back test looked good. You can't compete with that. As a trader, as a hand trader, you spend your time looking at the screen, like looking for opportunities to enter, but guess what happens? Tomorrow, other than what you learned yesterday, that's not really going to benefit you. But for me, the alpha is, hey, if I put four hours into coding algorithms today, that's going to help me for the rest of my life. And that's why I switched to poly-hour-rhythmic trading. And let's just keep building the supply and demand zone bot here. And I'll quickly go through the code so you don't have to go find the other video. But let's go ahead and do that. Let me go ahead and bring this over. And we'll quickly go through what we've done thus far. And you can see here, at the top of this page, I've just been working on this file for a while here on YouTube. So a lot of the videos, or all the videos that are, all the code is on this YouTube channel. I'm pausing here so you can take a screenshot. These are the imports and whatnot. Port CCXT, math, pandas. These are the inputs that I've used so far. Be quick, take a screenshot if you need it. This is connecting to the exchange. So only difference for yours is you could just have your keys and secrets like this without all of this. Don't share a config. I'm just on a video, so I can't share that. And then ask, we haven't used that yet in this, but you might need it. So I just try to get away all my code because this is the best way for you to save time. And the way I look at it is if I can, if I can code, build my bots, it's awesome. Number one. But then if I can show you something along the way, that's extra awesome. So let's just dive back into it. Essentially we've gotten the data frames for the 15 minute, the one hour, the four hour, the one day. And we got that from our nice functions file. And let's just print this out to see where we're at now. You can see in the bottom right, this is my discord if you do walk to. You're part of that. There should be a link below. Start supply and demand sounds. Okay, so we just got all of the data here. We can see we have all these data frames. And this data frame is on the daily, as you can see, 515, 516. This one here is on the four hour for clock, eight o'clock, 12 o'clock. This one right here is on the one hour, one, seven, eight, nine. This one is on the 15 minute. I'm starting to think though we're going to need to have more data. Because why not have all of the supply and demand sounds. So what I'm going to do is actually make another one, another two. And those are going to be the one minute and the five minute. So I'm just changing these things super easy to do because I've already said something in my nice function file. I'll briefly go over there because I want to be considerate of maybe you didn't see the last of them. So this is the function here. Take screen time. If you need it, use it your own risk. Boom, boom. You got it. So now we should have six different data frames that print out. Okay, I just did it just five minutes, 15 minutes. I didn't do that. And we just think about what are we going to do? I think we'll grab the resistance from all of them. So I'm going to get the support and resistance from all of them. So let's go ahead and say here, get support and resistance. And how are we going to do that? Well, it's just the last one of the file of the output. So in order to get the last one, it's negative one something. So the F, negative one. Oh, what's going on here? Two-mayor quest, chill. Let's do this now. I'm not asleep. Two seconds. No, I don't get the one thing. I don't have time for that. One second. Just to throttle this a bit. Okay, so now it's going to time by sleep that one second. And this should get all of the support and resistance. Nice and fine. And then we want to go ahead and get the support and resistance for each of them. Which is super easy to do. And I'll start doing it now. So for the one minute, I want to say the support and resistance is support one minute equals the F one minute dot i law. And it'd be the negative one position, but for the support and then resistance one minute equals the F the F. The one minute dot i law, negative one. And then this would be where it's resistance super simple. And then I'm going to say print. This is support for what we want to call this. And this is resistance. Okay, so let's just pop these in here. Support and resistance. Before I do it for all the others, I want to make sure it works. So let's go ahead and run this again. Yeah, I saw it. I did indeed do that. So let's go see if it actually worked. This is the support for the one minute 16891. And you can see that's the number right here. Open this up. We see support resistance. So this is the support. And this is the resistance on the one minute. So let's go ahead and do the same thing. But for all the other ones. Is there an easier way to do this? Let's think about it. I didn't even think it was. Because I'm actually doing this live. And I do it every single day with you. All right, so the easiest way to do this. I think I'm just going to do it the simplest way to think about it. I'm not going to get rid of these. I'm not going to get rid of the prints. I'm going to do this one for the first time. 15 minutes. 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15. Okay, let's do this one. The one hour, one hour. Go ahead and copy this. Paste. Paste. All right, so we got for the one hour. Now we got to do it for the four hour. Get rid of this for now. Let's do the four hour here. So we're just going to change the one support. Four. Four. That's pretty good. So once we do this, then we're going to do the one day. And we're going to have all the data we need in order to make the supply and the manzoes. At least our first rendition of them. So let's go ahead and paste this in. Let's call this one one day. Last one was for our double check-in. And I might have made a mistake somewhere, probably. Usually do, but that's the great thing is we can fix it. One day. One day. And one day. Okay, so now let's run this. And we should have the support and resistance for all of them. So this is my support resistance. Perfect. This is my support resistance. That's a support resistance. That could be the time I'll sleep on the other side of them. Okay, so for the daily, this is support. This is resistance. For the four hours, this is support. This is resistance. I'm just looking to make sure it matches up here. And it looks like it does, as it should. Okay, we can't make any errors except here. It's on the five minutes. Why did they come up before? Well, I don't think that's a big problem, but it's just a little bit busy. Okay, that's fine, because I printed it. I love coding because it just does what you tell it to do. So if there's an error on your side, it's probably your fault. It's a humbling experience. Okay. Now we have a support and resistance for all of the other good stuff. Let's go ahead and support and resistance versus supply and demand. I just want to read about this because to me, now what is the difference between those concepts of support and resistance? Are levels or lines in which prices were already determined while supply and demand are fresh levels or zones in which price are not determined? Okay, so... Oh, that's what I want to do. I want to get the wicks. So those are the zones. I like this. So what I'm thinking is support and resistance is nice. But I want to see how did I calculate those support and resistance? Because in reality, I want to get where the wicks are on the support and resistance. So... Supply and demand is where the wicks are. Okay, so look at this. The difference here, these are support and resistance. You can see the line. Let me just go ahead and get this from here. So my lines are... So these are the support right here. For example, and it looks like I actually do this kind of correctly, incorrectly. Whatever you want to say, nothing is correct in this game. It's just not how it backtests. So that's why I kind of mentioned, you ought to be a genius for this stuff. You just got to do it. A lot of people don't do this because they... I think they have to have some sort of a degree or something. But at the end of the day, if you have a four-year degree, and I just coded for four years, different outlets and backtests them, I'm probably going to be way, way further. Because you're studying all this type of stuff. It's actually your edge to not be saying in school you want to live. Okay. And they probably don't teach all this. But anyway, so this is a support for example. But then I would argue that this, where the wicks are, is the actual demand zone. So let me know if you know how to make the box here on... with training here. It would be super nice to have... like the square. Because then I could really print this out. But the support resistance is really off of the clothes. And then the demand zone would be off the wicks. In my opinion, the way I've learned it. I guess that. None of this really matters. It doesn't matter. But it's... it's up for interpretation. So supply the demand zone. So get the... That's what I want to do now. So the wicks. And what are the wicks? The wicks are... the highs... and the lows. Okay. So the wicks are the highs and the lows. So we know that... Now let's look at our functions. Because... Okay. Perfect. These are also the closets. So what I want to do... is change absolutely everything. Now I'm just going to... So... These are based off of the closets. That's the support and resistance. You can see this is the data frame function that we're pulling from. And... Now we want to go ahead... and now that we have the support and resistance, which is going to be helpful. Because that tells us when to start... like, hey, Bob, listen up. It's time to make a move here. Or it's getting closed. So it'll be like a trigger point. It'll be like, hey, we're getting close to entering whether long or short. We're getting close to the supply of the manzones. And next, we need to enter on the wicks. So in reality, we want to go ahead and say... I might just add it here to this nice function. So I'll be honest. So this is a different folder. No, I think I'm going to do it here just because this is what we're doing. So we have this support and this... What data do we have? We have the open eyes and close. So we have the eyes and the love. So... I would say the supply zone... or the demand zone... the demand zone... is between... between the... res... I support... and... support on love. And I'll explain that just because... to me that I need to walk it through. Okay, so all of our support and resistance are based off of the clothes right now. So open this up. So for example, it's like off of these clothes bars. So... what I'm trying to say is... the demand zone is going to be between these two. Like here and the love. So let me put another bar here. And this is what I'm interpreting as the demand zone. It's the support which is based off of the clothes. And then if for example we had another support off of the love. So what I'm going to do is add a support love. Because this data here, this support here... is based off of the clothes price. And the clothes price you can see with the body. So it's this first orange line. Let me just make it... this color. That it's based off of... this is our support. And all of our calculations. The one hour, one minute, five minutes, and all that. But this would be a second support line based off of the love. And then I would say this right here is the supply zone. The demand zone. The demand zone. Because you can see the price after a week in there. It grabbed all this demand. And then boom, to go. So that's my interpretation and that's how I'm building it. So we'll see if I can just back this later. So I think this is probably a good place. To take a little break. You know, that's kind of my thesis here as Word Humans. And we can't just sit here and code all day. We can't trade all day. We can't share screens all day. I'm going to get some water. Maybe use the restroom. But guess what? We're building a lot that can trade all day. 24, 7, 3, 65. And this has absolutely changed my life. So I'm happy you're here with me. And if you have any questions, let me know. What I look at this is if I just code every day. I can code for four hours. But if I code and I put it on YouTube, then that four hours can help you take four hours and turn it into one hour. And then maybe another person will watch it too. So maybe I'll have two people watching it. And that turns into eight hours. And then 12 hours. And then it's on and it's on. So if you enjoy this, please let me know if you have any questions. And I'm just going to catch you in the next video. Really regret not automating my trading years and years before. Let me tell you why. Because when I started to automate my trading, it removed the biggest disadvantage that I had with trading. And that was me, my emotion. Because when things go up, you want to buy. Like for example, right here, you see up, up, up, up. Okay, well, you want to buy, right? And as a human being, I personally have emotions. I don't know about you. But when it goes up, up, up, up, up. Oh, you want to buy, you want to buy? And then guess what? Boom. Racked. Depending on if you're using leverage or not, you can call that right. Now, it's not a huge move and fully a 2% move. So maybe it will keep going up. But at the end of the day, that's not a good time to enter any type of trade. In reality, I would actually want to enter right here if I wanted to get in, you know, like up, consolidation. Boom. And in actual reality, I just want to enter it down here or down here. So that's why it's tricky. Because as a human, you see this big green bar. Even if you enter right here, it's like, boom, we want. But then it pulls back and now we're back at the start. Now, the reason I regret it not automated my trading much, much before is because the entry and the exit of any trade. I feel like it's two different trades, right? You have to be good enough to control your emotions on the entry. Make sure to enter at the place you actually want to enter. Not while you're in the heat of the moment and saying, oh, I don't care about this time. Now, I'm just going to enter on this green bar. Right? You can throw your emotions there. But then on top of that, you have to control your emotions on the exit. So, for example, if I got in here and I was able to enter at the right place and I take a long, well, long it up. And I have to make sure to either exit here at the top or dulling my emotions getting away. Because if, for example, I wanted to keep it longer, well, I wouldn't miss this if I exit it down here. So, the reason I regret not automated my strategy before is simply because the strategies, if there's edge in the strategy, then as long as you execute things, when you're supposed to execute, enter when you enter. Exit when you're supposed to exit. Then the strategy will continue to have that edge. But there is the element of being a human. There's number one emotion. But number two is, like, you're not in front of the computer all day, right? And maybe some people are. But I don't think it's a bet that I want to take because if you know anything about probability, out of a thousand trades, there's going to be a time that I have to get up at the wrong time. I have to go do something at the wrong time. And that can change everything. Now, opposed to the new way and was absolutely changed my life is automating my straight name. Because the strategies I have that have edge, now I can almost guarantee, now nothing's a guarantee. I'm always going to be that black swan. I can almost guarantee that that strategy will work because I can now, as an automated trader, back test it, right? I can back test and see exactly what was the draw now. What was the sharp ratio? So I'll never go back. I'll never go back to hand trade. And that's for sure. And what I want to do in this video is build a bot that trades based off supply and demands on. You can see some drawings here. Actually been working on this for a couple of videos now. And I'm just going to dive right into it. Essentially supply zone up here, demands on down here. And we're at the point where, you know, this is resistance or support right here. And then down here is the WIC. And the way I'm building this is the demand zone is going to be based off of between the close and the WIC. So that's where we are in the code. I'll make sure to briefly go over the code. I'm just going to be really quick. So if you need this code, then, you know, screenshot it. Boom. Take that. Take that. We are going to go all this in the other videos. Ask Bid. Take that. And then this is what we've done on the supply and demand zone so far. Boom. Boom. Should be enough time for you to screenshot. If needed, just want to make sure that like, hey, this, this, use hours I put in, maybe they can help you as well. I don't take go use this code to trade or anything. But the way I look at it is I can build this by myself or I can build it on YouTube and guess what happens. If I build it on YouTube, maybe it helps you. And then my hours of work, my four hours of coding can then turn into multiple hours. So now that we have all this data, let's run it and make sure that it's still working. Okay, so this is the data frame. See the support and resistance. And now what I want to go ahead and do is simply. I think I want to make a support for the low and resistance of the high. Now I'm going to add that to each data frame. And I'm just going to do it here for the one minute first. So I'm going to add a time dot sleep here. Time dot sleep. And I'm going to put it a bunch of seconds. And put that time dot sleep here. Okay, so the definition that I came up with for the supplies on and the man's own is right here. Let's bring this up here so we can all see it and I'll read it just in case it's too small. Supplying the man is where the wicks of support and resistance are. So we have support and resistance. But like for example, here you can see the clothes is there. So this would be like support. But then down here, there's a wick. And I want to be buying if I'm going to buy. I would be wanting to be buying on those wicks. Same with over here. I want to be buying on the wicks. So that's the difference. Not the difference. Here, I'll just print it out. In order to do that. It's between the clothes resistance support and the low support. Because right now it's all based off of the clothes. So what I want to do now, the man's own is between the support and the support if there was a support on low. So essentially I want to go ahead and figure out this nice folks file. How did I make the support? I'm going to copy this over. And let's paste it in there. Let's do support low. Resist high. And then we would take this SMA here. The one minute SMA. And essentially I'm saying let's make a support low. And let's get the last two bars and get what is this? This would be negative two onwards. Let's print this out. It's not negative two onwards, but I want to get this just to see what's going on here. DFSMA and support low. And then I'm going to do the same thing here for this. Change that. Change this. Change clothes. I actually want. I want the love. I see I'm just getting... All of them up to negative two. So I'm getting all of the rows up to negative two. And I think I did that because it will get rid of a little bit of the newer data just in case it's like breaking out or something. And then this... So support low... Remember, the demand zone we're making in between the support on the clothes, which is up here. And then the support on the low, like if there was another demand zone. I mean if there was another support. And that... In between area is the demand zone. And we'll make the buys throughout there. So resistance high would be dear. And this would be off high. We want the high. And then I want to print that. Print... I want to print it. Support... I actually don't want to print that. I just want to print. No, let's print it. Do you have one minute resistance high? Okay. See what we get here? Key error of high. Oh, because it needs to be spelt differently. Okay, perfect. So this gets the support and the resistance. But I don't really need to print all of this. I can just say something like this. Support... I'm just going to copy this over. Well... This would be support low. Support low equals. We would do the above... The above DF, DF, one minute, where I lock. So the location is negative ones. So the last one. Because they're all the same. And then support low. Now I can delete this. And print... Support low. Okay. That looks pretty good to me. And now I'm going to do the same thing, but for the resistance high. So let's call this... Whatever we call it before, resistance high. And then paste that here. And then paste that here. So now it should print out the support low. And the resistance low. The resistance high. What I want to do actually is... Gosh, I need a sneeze. So much pressure. It's a sneeze. Okay. You cannot blow up your eardrums. So I'll make sure to step away if I need a sneeze. I got a little bit of a cold. Unfortunately. So this is the support low. And this is support. So the difference between support low and support. Just to reiterate is support low is based off of the low rise. And then support is based off of the close rise. And then I'm going to do something similar here. This is the resistance high. And I'll put that there. And I'll say up here the demand zone is between the two. Pretty easy. And the support, the supply zone, zone is between the two. So resistance high and resistance one minute. Oh my goodness. Resistance one minute. So this is the resistance high. This is the resistance. Supply zone is between the two. Okay. Let's see how this works. See if one gets a print of that. Okay, perfect. So this is the support low. 16885. And then 8889 is that close. So we want to buy between these two. In this case. Now this is the resistance high. 183. 17183. And this is the close. So ideally we, if we're going to sell, we'd sell between there. Dog. This is awesome. So now I want to go ahead and do this. But for all of them. Okay. So how do we do this for all of them? This was a lot. Well, it's not too much. Just doing some spaghetti code in here. I should just make this a function. I'll clean up the code later. But this works for now. How would I clean this up though? I'll just put this into a function. Yeah, I could do that. I'm just going to make a spaghetti. Paste it in here and say the five minute here. I guess I can just say five. Support low. Five. Support low. Just change it all up once. Oh dang. This needs to say one. We need some support low. One minute. So let me copy that over. There's this tie. Then I will add this here. And then add this here. Oh my goodness. I'm sick. I'm sick. This is not good. It's not good at all. I'm still doing this. Because every day the way I look at it is if I keep coding. My box gets better. I post the hand trading. It's like you might win. You might lose in a day. But the next day you don't really have anything to show for it. I mean, you have wins or losses. But with coding like every day, every hour, every minute, that you put it, that is then usable. Like we're building a support. Supply in demand. Don't bot right now. And guess what? For the rest of my life, I'm able to use this. With some tweaking. Support for a minute. Support five minutes. So now I'm just changing all these over to the five of it. I'm so sorry for sneezing. So up in your face, like the, I hope it's not too loud. I'm trying to walk away from the Michael nicely. So 15 minutes, let's change that to 15. So now we're just changing everything to the 15 minute, to the five minute. So we have all of these. And I know I can just move this. But what I like to do is I just, I just build in the easiest way for my mind. And then I can refactor the code lab. You feel me? Is there one hour here? One age? I'm gonna copy that because I don't want to type two polls, two more letters. I love coding because it's so much copy and basic. And like, anybody can do this. I think it's the mind that tells you you can't. Because it's hard to learn, maybe at the start, but you just put in your hours, you got this. So almost done here. So I'm just duplicated this code for all of them because I want this information for all of them. So now we're jumping to the four hour here. So let's just change the fours. Four. Four. Four. Four. And four. And then we just have the one day now. So let's do that. Let's change this to 1D. 1D. 1D. 1D. 1D. And 1D. Oh my goodness, I might have missed something though. Almost missed this whole row. Did I get it here? No, I didn't. Yeah, I got to change that. I knew that felt too fast for that one. Okay, so I'll double check all this. But this all shows 1 day, 1 day, 1 day, 1 day. This also shows 1 day, 1 day, 1 day, 1 day, 1 day, 1 day, 1 day, 1 day, 1 day, 1 day. This one shows 1 day. Oh, that's correct, 1 day, 1 day. This one shows 4 hours. It should show 4 hours. This four hours. 4 hours. Four hours. We're going to get something phenomenal from this. And this is 4 hours. 4 hours. 4 hours. This all looks good to me. What's this? 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour, 1 hour. Okay, that almost fit to me. This is 15 minutes, 15 minutes, 15 minutes, 15. 15, 15, 15, 15. 15, 15, 15. And then five minutes, five, five, five, five, five. Remember the five, five, five deals from Dominance? Gosh, that was good. Five, five, five, five, five, five. And that's five. And now we just need this one minute one. One minute, one minute, one minute, one minute, one, one, one. Okay, it looks like we're good to go. So I'm going to run it. And it should give me a bunch of data now. And you know what I'm going to do is, I don't think we need the data friends anymore. So I'm just going to remove all the data friends, because it puts a lot of data on the print. So let's just go through here and just remove all the data friends. Oh my goodness, we're doing print. We're not removing them. We're just not printing them anymore. Because if we don't print them, our outputs are going to look a lot nicer. Where are you at? Right here. Okay, now let's run it. See how this goes. So this is our support, perfect. I mean, try to make it look nicer, but I don't know. It looks that nice. But that's irrelevant. We don't really need it to look too nice. We can see here. And we're going to do this. We can see here. That the man zone is between these two prices on the minute. And the supply zone is between these two prices on the minute. For the five minute, it's bigger, right? For each iteration, I feel like for each time frame, it's going to be bigger. So this is the demand zone. The support low versus the support close. And that's 16885 versus 16930. And then same thing with the resistance. This is on the low versus the close. And the close is you can see. So this in my mind is perfect. We've got the supply and demand zones. And I'm so excited to put this into, I think the next step is putting this into a bot that can automatically trade this. I've got a ton of bots that I want to use this function for. So that's kind of what I try to do here. Build stuff that I actually need for the day. And this is something I need it. And I thought, hey, you know, my mind will just share it with the world. Because if I can help one person, you know, do something that took me hours to do, and they can do it in minutes, then that's super, super good, super boydough. You know? And that's why I do this. Because when I got started, this was super hard to learn. There's nothing on the internet. Nobody wants to share this information. I get it. You know, our alternatives, you know, you find something that works. You don't want to share it. But there's no reason I can't share at least some functions, like finding the supply and the hands off. So I'm just kind of overlooking this. So this would be the daily 15 427 between 15755 and the resistance. Okay, so this is on the daily. So 32,000. We haven't seen that price in a long time. DTC. I'll make sure to throw this code into the discord as well. But I think the next step is to make this, let's go ahead and write this down. Next step, dang, this is ugly. But we can clean it up, or you feel pretty clean enough as well. Next step equals build automated bot office and a new function. Return, supply, and demand zones per time frame. And obviously we should do this first. And I think that's what we're going to do. But you know, back to my whole thesis of why I should have automated my trading and I super, super regret not doing this years and years before is because we're humans. We have emotions, but there's another thing to it. We got to sleep, we got to eat, use the restroom. We have to do things like this. And one of those things is calling me right now. So I'm just going to chop this video here and I'll see you in the next one where we'll do these next parts. The truth about hand trading is that eventually you're going to have to miss an opportunity based off of being a human. What I'm trying to say is the probability of you having to get up and go to the restroom or get some water or go do something in your daily life and missing an entry or an exit is near 100%. Actually, I can say it is 100%. Because we're all humans. And automating trading has entirely changed my life because it changed the way I think about how to trade and it really just comes down to the strategy, right? When you automate your trading, now you don't have to worry about am I in front of the computer staring at the screen at the correct time to enter? Sure, you can set orders and stop losses and all that good stuff. But can you do it across every single symbol on every single time frame? And then the bigger question and I think we both know that is when you're a hand trader, your emotions tend to get in the way. Oh no, I should have actually did it there, but I got a little greedy or I got scared and I didn't enter. So the truth is, competing against robots which a lot of the market already is, there's no chance in winning over the long run. The probability is 100% that you're going to either miss an entry or an exit. And if you're using leverage, that exit could be a way of going to a network, but you're not going to be able to get a way of going to a network. So I'm not here to say how to trade, I'm not here to tell you a strategy. I'm just here to let you know the truth about hand trading. And once I removed hand trading out of my life, things got way better because instead of saying, and looking at this chart all day, and if you're in position, you're probably staring an extra hard. If you're out of position, you're waiting to get in, waiting for a chart to maybe dip into a demand zone to buy. Well, why not just have a computer do that? Right? I computers do everything. And the majority of trading is already done by computers, but I don't think the majority of traders are computers. That makes any sense. What I mean in here is, the people like myself and you that are automating their trading, there's not that many of them. But since we can automate our trading, well, we can trade way, way, way more, because we can trade every single symbol. We can look for opportunities 24, 7, 365. If you're a hand trader, maybe you'll get a couple of trades per day, looking at your scanners, all that good stuff. I don't know, maybe you're more aggressive. I'll say 10 trades, 20 trades, whatever. But if you are that hand trader and put that strategy into a robot, well, then it can look for opportunities across every single symbol. Every single time frame. Every single supplies on demand zone. So that's what we're building here today. We're identifying supply and demand zones, and then we're building it into an hour of them. I just want to let you know that I'm not like a super genius. I'm just a regular dude. I don't have a computer science degree. So if you've been holding back and waiting to get started, because you think you have to be super smart or a math degree here, a computer science degree, I will trade in is not just for super smart developers. I was just a trader that knew if I could at least automate something in my trade, it's going to be better. And from the start, just entering an accident on the limit over a time period with a bot, that improved my trade in immediately. Now, obviously I've come very far since then, and you can build any type of strategy, which is awesome. So anyways, this is my daily work. I got to build this. So I'm going to keep building it. And let's go ahead and let's do that. So let's keep this chart open here. And let's see where we're at. So we paused here. And essentially, we've already created the supply and demand zone. Now there is another video, but just in case you don't want to watch that video, here's all the code. Let's go to the very top, just so you can screenshot it if you want. Use it on your own risk, of course. Those are the imports, inputs, connection to the account, asking bid, which we haven't used yet. And then this is the supply and demand zone. Essentially, it gets the support for the close and the support for the low meaning the WIC pretty much. And we would call this the supply zone, demand zone. Sorry. Let's get this mixed up. Like for example, this pink line right here is on the close support. And then this other pink line is the WIC support. So in between, that's where we want to be buying, if we buy. Right here, right here. So I would sprinkle my orders right in here. So let's go ahead and do that map. This is all the code, just in case you need to see it. Make sure to go a little slower. Okay. Screenshot, one second. Screenshot, one second. Screenshot, one second. This is spaghetti-ish. I'll refactor it later. Make sure it lasts a second. Okay. So now the next step is to return the supply and demand zones per timeframe. So what is the best way to do that? Maybe make a data frame. Sorry. Sometimes I do need to think this through. So I'm going to make a SD supply and demand DIA. And then in that SDDIA, let's do a PDE that data frame. And then SDDIA, I want to just put in all of this stuff. So let's go ahead and do this one by one. And this data frame is going to be super important to me. So I just want to make sure to do it right. So I'm going to grab this. And this will be the one minute. Let's think about this for a second. So I think that, hmm, how should we do this? We need all of this information, but I don't want to return like 20 things. So I could just make it up here. Okay, that's probably smarter. Okay, that's one minute. So I'm going to put this up here. And it's going to make a new data frame. So it makes a new data frame right there. This is supply and demand zone data frame. So now that we have that, we made it earlier actually. Okay, now we want to go ahead and put this all together. So we have the data frame and now we want the, what do we want? We want the support and resistance. So maybe I can set it up like this. Support, what do I call this? Support on WIC. No. I need to write it out more or else I won't understand it. So support low is that. And then the support one minute is this. So if I did something like this, DF as D, DF equals, and then we'll save for the one minute. One minute equals that. I don't know what's going to happen here, but that's what's great about coding is I can just figure it out. S, D, D, F, time dot sleep. And essentially I'm trying to build a data frame with all of this information. So it's like that. I wonder if there's a way that I can put this one minute. So I got to think this one through, but essentially I'm trying to get all the data in there. So that's the one minute support. Let's just call that one minute support. Supply. And it will be between these two numbers. So let's run that again. The supply zone is going to be between this number and this number on the one minute. And then the one minute demand zone would be. Let's copy this over so they're all in the same place. SD, D, F, one minute demand. I'm going to make this a little bit. A little bit smaller. S, Z, supply zone. And this will be D, Z. And I should make it all lower case. And then this would equal. This and essentially I'm getting the one minute high. Verse the resistance one minute. And then I can print out. Print SD. And then let's put a time.sleep. So we don't go past it. Let's see what happens here. Oh, sorry, one minute supply zone. Okay, perfect. So the supply zone is between these two numbers. And the demand zone is between these two numbers. Now I'm wondering, is this the best way to do this? I don't know. I'm not sure if this is the best way to do this, but what happens a lot of times? I'll just do it this way. And if it works, it works. And if it doesn't, I can change it later. So let's do that. I'm going to go ahead and copy all this. Copy. And then I'm going to delete this. Because now we have it for the one minute. Now we want it for the five. And demand zone, demand zone ranges. So row zero is the low. Row one is the high. And the supply demand zone is in between. The two. And I'm actually going to put this up here as well in my notes notes. Data frame with supply and demand zones for, we won't call this for each time. For each. Now let's put that here. So now we're going to go and we're going to keep on moving. Now I have it for the one minute. So let's make this a little smaller. And then here, I can duplicate this. And we already did a lot of this work, which is nice. I just need to change this to five. Five. Five. And five. This is why I love coding so much. So it'll be a lot to be doing. And okay, so we have that. And let's do this again. Now this is a 15 minute. So I just changed this to 15. 15. 15. And I know I can do this more elegantly, but I don't really care right now because this is just to get the concept down. And then we can change it later. So one hour. One hour. One hour. One hour. And then the next one is going to be four hours. So I'll just change all these supports. Four. Four. Four. Okay. And then this is the last one here. I wish I had like a two day chart of the group. So we'll change th