is to day. And day. And day. And day. And then day. And now I want to print this out at the end. So let's go ahead and say print that. Excuse me. I got a little bit of a cold. Print it. Let's see what happens. See if it works. Okay. Look at that. So we have all the man zone is between these two to supply for the one minute. The supply zones between these two for the one minute. Did I do that right though? Because this is a higher number. Oh, I guess they're all higher. Yeah, that's the makes sense. Did I do that right? Let's go ahead and check that out. Because this would be a supply zone. So the zero. What is the zero? I'm talking about this. The zero is. Row zero is not necessarily the low. Row zero is the. The close. And row one is the. The. Wick. Wick. Or. The high. Love. Does that make sense? Because. That's how we get the way. The way is in between the close. And the high love. So here. For example. Here's a good example. So this is the close, the body. And then the way is the low. So this is the difference. So we're getting here. So the difference is always between these two. So we have the one minute. Let's check against this day. They're here just to make sure. The demand zone between a five and nine. 85. 89. And the one minute supply zone. So this is between. One four four and one two nine. One four. One nine. And then let's just spot check. One more of these. See the four hour. Because if that's right, then they should all be right. Four hour is between four two seven. Seven one two. And then the supply zone is two one four seven zero. Two one four seven zero. Two one four three four. This looks really good to me. Now just this right here. This is like, imagine this. This is running all day long showing me where the supply and the demand zones are. As a hand trainer, I now have this information that I can use without even having to look at the chart. In my opinion, the chart is somewhat of a slot machine. So if I can just remove all the noise, I can see, okay, well, if I want to buy right now, like on the short time frame of a minute, I should probably buy within these two ranges. But I don't really want to compete with the bots. So I'm probably going to jump on over to the 15 minutes. And if I want to buy BTC, I would be buying it on the 15 minute in between or in the supply zone. Excuse me, the demand zone. So the DZ, I would try to buy within these two prices if that was like an intraday trade. But if it was like a more long term trade, I would be trying to buy within the four hour. And you can see the four hour and the one day are pretty similar. But this right here changes as a game because I can just have this run 24-7 and always have that data. So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to get rid of a bunch of these print statements because I think they're a little distracting at this point. And then we'll be able to let this run all day. And I can use this in my other bots. I built all types of bots here on this channel. And I'm going to use this for all of them pretty much. Not maybe not all of them, but this is another indicator essentially we built here together that nobody else has. Nobody has the exact code of this. Besides me and you. So return the supply and demand zone. That was our next step. Next step we want to build this into an automated bot. But I actually already have a bot that I want to use this for. But in order to build this into a bot, we just look at my other videos I think because it's already done. And we just use this as an indicator and say hey we want to buy when this happens or so when this happens. So I could do that here on this video. But let me think about this. We want to return. I'm going to try this actually return SDD. And now I can just call this. Whoa that is big. I can delete all of this stuff. I already did this. This is a DF where the zone is indicated per time frame. And the range is between 0 and 1. Ro0 and 1. So now we have this. And in order to build a bot off this I would just say as Z supply the demand zone bot. And the first thing I would do is I would get the supply and demand zones for all time frames. And that is pretty easy to do because I just do a tab right there. And now as Z bot gets me that and I would just say SDDF equals this. And I actually don't need to print it here anymore. So if I ran this it should show nothing. Right? Because I don't have any print statements. So let's see if it shows nothing. Starting supply and demand zone calculations. I must have a time to sleep somewhere. I do 1, 1. Oh the time to select that seems right here. So it just did it and it did nothing. So I don't have that print SDDF. Oh you know what though I should pass in the symbol. Just to be careful. So let's do that. Wow this is a long long function. And this is the type of stuff nobody shares on YouTube and I don't get it. Well I do get it. Like people don't want to share this because it's their alpha. So that's kind of like where I saw the opportunity is. No way I want to share this information. So why don't I share it? So let's see if it's prints. Okay there it is. Those are our supply and demand zones. So as a ham trader, like instead of me trying to build this bot out right now because I could build a bot where like I buy in the supply zone and demand zones. But I have all these bots on my channel that I would rather add this indicator into them and see where it performs best. So I hope you've enjoyed this series. And if you want me to make a bot specifically for buying in the supply and demand zones, I can probably do that pretty easily. And maybe I'll just go ahead and do that in the next video. So if you see the next video, that's what I'm doing. But like I said, I do this for, you know, this is my day to day. I'm not just making a YouTube video. This is me working and kind of laying you see what I do. So maybe my four hours a day of code can turn into, turn your four hours or however many hours you do. What I'm trying to say is if I do four hours of code and I can figure something out and I can turn those four hours to like 20 minutes to you, that's super, super helpful because I can help a bunch of people like yourself and me. And then we can all kind of like learn together and win together. And yeah, should be fun. So let me know below if you want me to turn this into a live bot. But for now it is, it is live and working. But for now what I want to do here is make this a signal for, because I know everybody is not manual through error. Some people are hand trading still, which I don't like to do. But let's say as Z bot and just paste it in some code so every 15 seconds, let's do every five seconds, run pending. And this just will run it forever. So let's try it and it should run it every five seconds. And this right here is a reason to automate trade it. Just because I'm able to see the supply and demand zones without noise. I don't have to look at a chart and it's just going every five seconds always up there then. Let's see if it works. Should be about five seconds. Okay, start these supply and demand zone calculation. There it is, supply and demand zone. Now it's going to wait five seconds and do it again. So in case things change. Like if I'm trading in on the one minute, I can always see if it's changing or if it's not. So every five seconds, about five seconds, starting supply and demand zone calculation. And this information is so useful because now in my bots, I can say, hey, I only want to buy in between the one hour supply and demand zone or the four hour supply and demand zone. And let's just do that really quickly. I just want to make sure that you have everything needed in order to get going. I think this is just a API limit error. So I'll let that run for a while. But I want to make sure that you have everything you need. So I think the one thing you might need to use this and then in correlation with all my other YouTube videos, like there's plenty of bots there to show. The one thing you might need is how do I pull this data? Like if I want the one hour supply, let's do that. I'm just going to show you one example. If I want the four hour supply zone, the four hour supply zone and demand zone. Well, it's pretty easy to do because we just brought in this D.F. Right here. You can see it pulled in a new one and then showed the error again. That's just because I'm calling to many times on the API and I don't have the right API settings to have that many calls. It's no problem at all. I would just recommend using the binding API. But anyways, if we want the four hour supply zone, I would just say S, D, D, and look up here because we have an example of it. And I can see here this is inside a panda. So let me just copy it. Let me remove that. As our users have an example, because that's what's great about code in my fingers. Like I don't have to think about how to do this over and over again. S, D, D, S, O, I would say as a supply zone for the four hour equals S, D, D, F, where it says this for our S, Z. And you can see, let's just print it out so we can go step by step as Z for our and let's see what it gives us. So I'm actually going to, I just wanted to show you how to run this all the time, but I'm not going to do that. Just put this in here and let's run it one time and then over and all the time. So it runs one time. Should get the supply and the man's own and then we're asking it to print out the four hour. And you can see this is what it prints out. So we want the range between those two. So if the negative one and zero. So negative one. And we should use I lock. Just thinking this through quickly. What's the most efficient way to do this? I think I'm just going to do it this way. So I'm going to say, as the supply zone for our open, not open, close. I'm just going to put a one because it's the same difference. So we would do as Z for our, no, as Z. Well, I guess we do four hour dot I law. Negative one. I don't know if that's going to work actually. Let's try print as Z for our one. And this should get the last one of this. Okay, there it is. But I think it needs to be the value dot value. Value? No, no, that's right. Too many requests? Okay. Pandas to get the value of the supply. So pretty good deal. I lock zero. Okay, I think we just did it right for now. And then as Z zero equals this. But we'll do it to zero in that. And then the print we want to print both of these. Let's pause that. Okay, so I'm going to do it. It seems to be a zero. And I think we're good to go. So this should print out the supply zone zero, supply zone one. And just to make this super clear. So this is for 70. And this is for 34. So that's the supply zone. And you can see for 70 for 34. It's between this. So if I were to sell. These two. And then the opposite is true for. The man's own. So the man's own is just this way. And this is like an easy way to say for our DZ. We'll close this for now. For the yellow me. And DZ. Change this to DZ. DZ. And just to make it super clear for you. I'm going to say print. F. If buying. Buy between here. And then we put it. The two. Excuse me. Sorry. I need to sniff one of your best. And. So if buying. I want to buy in between those two. Same thing as this. But this is supply zone. And this is the man's own. There we go. And then we'll write it out here. But essentially if we're selling. I would sell it between those two. You know, if I wanted to go base half the four-hour. But if buying. I would want to buy out those between these two. So now you can see how to implement this into your bot. If you wanted to do that. Now I'm going to use this function here that we created. I'm trending bots of marker makers. Got all types that can use this. And I look forward to it. I'm super excited. So let me know if you want to see another video on this series. But I think we did the main point, which was finding to supply in the man's own. And now it's up to your creativity on how you want to use them. And my mind's already churning. So I look forward to it. And I'll see you in the next one. Today we are building a crazy supply and demand trading bot. And thus far, trading bots in general have changed my life. And not in some corny way like I downloaded or I went to a website and I signed up for this crazy trading bot. No, I build them every single day. And don't worry, you don't have to be like super smart computer engine. Or go to school, Harvard, or study math for years and years on end. If you figured out how to trade, you can figure out how to build trading algorithms. And automate any strategy that you do have. And that's why I do here on this channel. I just build my trading algos, my trading bots every single day. And I let you see over the shoulder because I'm just a regular dude just like you. And it's really not that hard. So today I'm going to be buying or building a supply and demand zone trading bot. So we've been working on this a little bit. And essentially we've built out a lot of it where it identifies the supply and demand zones. And today we're going to go ahead and turn that indicator that we've built into a bot. They will actually buy and sell. So I have my account hold up here. The next we'll do it on there. We'll do it with Yif. And let's just dive into it. And like I said, if you haven't coded before, don't worry about it. Just stick around and watch this whole video because that's how I learn too. You know, I was trying to learn how to albo trade and automate my trading strategy. Because I had a good one. But emotions were getting the way, right? When you're supposed to buy, you get scared and you don't actually buy. When you just want to sell, you have hope and you just don't sell. That happens. We're humans. You know? So my mission was, hey, let's build this into automated strategy. So I don't have to worry about the emotions. And when I went out to search how to do this, it was just nowhere on the internet. So I'm here to build out goes for myself every single day. But I invite you to watch over my shoulders. So hopefully my four hours a day of coding can help you out as well. So let's just dive into it. I think we have a good overview. If you know what supply and demand zone trading is, then that's awesome. If you don't, we have a little description here. We're pretty much trying to buy the wicks before a big green bar. Or the sell the wicks before a big red bar. And we kind of made these supply and demand zones. And let's just look at what we've built thus far. And then we can kind of work on it. Let me make this a little smaller. You can see my discord here. People were sharing pretty cool strategies. Shout out to them. Let's go ahead and hit play. And we can see the code that we've built so far. So it says starting supply and demand zone calculations. And it's going to do it for this symbol, which is E. And it takes a few seconds. But you can see the one minute demand zone is between these two numbers. The five minute demand zone is between 1265 and 1268 on Ethereum. The 15 minute demand zone is between 1257 and 1261. So that's where you want to be buying. And then the opposite for supply zones. That's where you want to be selling. So now I'm going to use these indicators in order to build a bot. So now that you saw that, let me just make sure to scroll through the code. So you can see it if you'd like instead of watching all the other videos. But go ahead and watch the other videos if you want to walk through. I'm going to pull this open just so you can screenshot it. If you need it, of course, don't run this in production without testing. Screenshot boom. Here's the inputs. This is connecting to the exchange. This is getting the asking bid. We haven't used that yet. But probably going to use it here. And then the getting the supply and demand zone. This is, I've made it pretty ugly to be honest. But I'll just show you here. So if you don't want to go back to the other video. But I'll put this all on the playlist so you can see all of it. Some spaghetti code and some like to say. You know, I could have made some loops. And I probably will refactor this later. But it's going to have the same output. And then this is the bot right here. So as Zbot, and this gets the supply and demand zones. So above gets the supply and demand zones. This is the bot we kind of started. And what I want to do actually is, I want to take this and make a new file. Because I just feel like cleaning it up a little bit would be nice. Let's go ahead and call this. S supply doesn't end zone dot p y. And let's just paste that in. And of course, there's a bunch of stuff I need to import now. And essentially, I'm going to import this over here. So I'm going to import this file, which is called risk helper. So import risk helper as r. And then I'll say r dot boom. Now that works. But what is the symbol? Well, the symbol we want to trade with is eFUSD. And there's a bunch of other imports. I want to just steal from here because that's the great thing about coding is you don't have to worry about too much. Rewriting of things just paste it in copy paste. So boom, those are my imports. And I just want to build this bot out in order to trade for me. So what else do we need? We have the eFUSD. We're connected to the exchange. Let's go ahead and pull up our exchange here. You can see here is the max I use. And I need to connect to the exchange. So let's go ahead and grab that connection here. And that connection I'll just put right here. And you could put your connection like this with your key right there and your secret like that. And just delete all of this. But I am on video so I can't share that with you unfortunately. Gotta keep those keys and secrets very safe or all your phones can be withdrawn at any moment. Alright, so now that we're connected, let's go ahead and just run it to make sure it works. So I'm going to go down here and say as Z bar and then run it and see if this works from this new file. If it does, then we'll just keep it moving. It looks like it's working or at least it's starting. Okay, perfect. So the chance we should be buying between here and here. And that's based off of the daily, I believe. Well, 1071. The man's on. Yeah, must be going off the daily. Okay, there we go. I was wondering. Okay, so we have that working. And now we need to make it actually submit the buys themselves. So let's just do that. How do we want to go ahead and do that? Well, first things first, we need to input the size. And for now, let's just make the size 100 maybe? Let's see what that is. Let's bring this leverage. I don't usually use this high leverage, but just for this example, cost is that. Cost is $31. I'm down to do like a thousand. So it's $300 the cost. So the size is that. And then we're connected to the exchange correctly. What else do we need to do? Well, let's think about this for a second. So this gets the four hour here. And let's look at the supply and the man's arms. I think I want to do this on the 15 minute. Instead of the four hour. So if we go through this code, I'm grabbing that data frame and printing the data frame. But then in the data frame, I'm saying, hey, I want the four hour. So it gives me that information. And it says, this is a four hour supply zone in case I want to be fine. So what I can do here is change this or not change it. I'll just get both. Let's get the supply zone and the man's own. So I actually can just copy this over. Let me go ahead and just copy it. So as Z. Here we go. As the four hour, I would duplicate this. And let's get it for the 15 minute. 15 minute as the zone. So you see the whole. This is the whole data frame right here. But I just want the 15 minute. And you can only see the demands on right now, but it's in there. So I want the 15 minute demands on. And I'm going to buy at the 15 minute demands on. And that's going to be the bot. So it's going to the logic of the bot. Let's just type it out. Bot logic. And this can be changed, however, because I have the one minute supply zone, the five minute supply zone, the 15, the one hour, the four hour, the one day. So the logic can be whatever. But in this video for what I want to build today, I'm going to do it off of 15 minutes. Bot logic is buys, eith, USD on at the 15 minute supply zone. Sorry, it's the man zone. And sells at the 15 minute, DZ, the man zone. So that's pretty simple, right? Let me go ahead and put it there. And let's just do that. So now I can paste what I copied from above. Close that for now. And let's change this to as Z 15 minutes. And this would be 15 minute. And then this would also be 15 minutes. So let's just change all these. This would be 15 minutes. This would be 15 minutes. So this is pretty easy. And this is why I love coding. It's because once you do it, and if you want to see the whole walkthrough, like I have a playlist showing all of this, you know, it's been a few videos now, but this is how it works. But the cool thing is, or the rest of my life, I can use it. You know? All right. So let's go ahead and also print. Print. DZ 15 minute, zero. And DZ 15 minute, one. Okay. So now I think we have all the data we need in order to start making the bot. Bot. All right. Look at that. What is that come from? Print. And Zbot. Starting supply into Manzone. Hmm. Oh, I know what's going on. Over here, I actually have this running as a bot. Hey, that's a long ugly. I've got this going. So it's not how that. Well, it's run out again. Oh, you know what's going to happen? No, I have a bunch of other stuff in risk, however. So I need to turn off some of this stuff. Like I got this liquidity sniper that we built here together. I got to pause that. I got to do this because it actually brings in this whole file. You know what I might do actually is, I might just bring this over because this file is getting a little big. So let's go ahead and just bring this whole function over instead of having to call it from here. That's going to be nice. So as Zbot, what do we need? We need that. We actually just need this. So this function here, we need it. So I'm going to just bring it over to the new file instead of calling it because it gets a little messy sometimes. Okay, so now we have this function here, supply and demand zone function. I can remove this risk R thing and then I can also remove this in work here. Okay, now let's see how it does. Sorry, supply and demand zones. Which was great. Okay, there we go. So we have the data that we needed. This corresponds to this. This corresponds to that. And let's double check that. 15, it looks good to me. Let's make this a little bigger though. So I can actually see all of the rows. Okay, so we look at the 15 minute supply zone. And to me, that doesn't look correct. If we look at the bottom of the screen right here, 15 minutes of supply zone. Ah, look at this. I didn't change that for 15 minutes. This is a little four hour. This is why we test everything. Alright, so there we go. Now it should work. And I actually don't need the four hour printed out anymore. So grab it. And... Okay, this looks good to me. So we have the two numbers we want, which are... Let's run it back one more time. It's these numbers. Alright, so here we go. And these matchups. So 15 minute demand zone is this number. Manches that one. And this right here is that one. Perfect. And then 13, 11 is this one. And 1300 is that one. So now we just have to figure out what... Where do we bid and ask? And win. I would say if over the 20 SMA we are looking for logs. If under the 20 SMA we are looking for shorts. I mean, that's just like a good way to find the trend really quickly in my opinion. Is it the best way? It's not the best indicator. So no, probably not. But it's a simple way. So how do we find the trend? Well, let's go ahead and see... This gets the supply and demand zone. But what about... We have a function here in this nice func file that gets the DFSMA. So let's just use this. And this is again why I freaking love coding is because I built that like a long time ago. I hear on this channel as well. But I can just use it. So I can say end.df because I imported it. And then I'll pass in the symbol. And then the timeframe we want is what timeframe do we want? I would say the daily. I'm going to do the daily. No, I'm going to do the four hour. Be a little tighter with it. For hour. And then limit will be 200. And then SMA, let's get the 20 SMA. And this should be the DFSMA equals that. And then we can print the DFSMA so we can see what we're working with. But really, I need the last signal. So while I run this, I'm actually going to peak over here how to see how I did it. Here we go. And this will get the last signal. I've got to make some changes. I'm sorry if I'm running fast through this. But when you do this a lot, it gets easier. And it's just like anything else. And I'm just regular dude. I didn't go to school for that. So. Last SMA equals DFSMA dot i log in the negative one position. And then look at this data. We just pulled. It says the signal. If it says by, we're going to be in a by. So. What is that? Is this a signal? Yeah, it's a. So, sick like that. And then print last SMA. So instead of printing that DFSMA, I'm just going to print the last SMA. So instead of printing that DFSMA, I'm just going to print the last SMA. By okay, perfect. So. If let's say if sig if sig equals by. Let's say this is called sig. We can call that sig if sig equals by. Then. Print. Signals by. By we are going to place by orders at the 15 minute. It depends on. And then else. Notice do I left just in case sig equals. Cell. Print. Print this. But. 15 minutes. SMA. Right. I think that's good. So you know the cell. We're going to place. Cell orders. At the 15 minute supplies on. Okay. And then else. Print. We didn't get a by or a cell signal. Look into this. Because something went wrong. All right. Let's run this again. Make sure all this works. And then we can implement the buys in the cells. Signals by we're going to place by orders. Demands. Okay. Now we need to figure out where are we actually going to buy. And I should have kept that open. So. If. If. If it's a buy. We want to buy at the. If it's a buy. Buy. At the higher. Of demand. Zone. Buy number one. That's what we're going to do. Buy number one. At. Now I'm just going to do one by. I'm going to be easy on this. And. I think a lot of people are going to start by the demands on. So I'm just going to do one by. And just try to pick it up real quick. The reason I'm going to do that is because. I look at things like these wicks here. Now look. So this week. I don't know if you can see this, but. Just try to zoom in. This week. So this is a demand zone. And I want to make first buy here. And then second buy the average. So I think that's. That's how I'm going to run it. At least change it how you like. And you know, I wouldn't just follow some random dude on YouTube. I wouldn't run this. But without testing it myself. But you know, this is what I'm doing in the day. And I decided to just share with you. Because the way I look at it is. If I code, that's awesome. I can find profitable strategies. I can build my own bots. That's awesome. But at the end of the day, if I spend these four hours that I code every day. And I put like an hour or two on YouTube. Well, guess what happens? That saves you hours and hours of work to put it into your own strategy. And I think that's the key. Because that's why I don't believe in trading bots. Right? Like if trading bots online, you could buy for $29 a month. There's thousands of people using that. That strategy is going to go to zero. There's no way it's going to work. You've got to have your own unique strategy. But the cool thing is, is I can share things like the supply of the demand zone. And then you can put it into your own strategy. And if it works well, well, maybe you'll share it with us here in Discord. Or you'll just be successful. You don't have to share it, of course. But it's just cool because it's like powerful, right? Because now my four hours of coding is way more impactful than just for me. All right. So if it's a buy, and then if it's a sell, opposite for as well. If it's a sell, sell number one at the lower. And number two at average. Because remember, we got two signals for each. Not signals, but two numbers for each. This and this. So let's first say, okay, we want to buy. So I'm going to grab this. And I'm going to say, min of that. So min of that equals buy one. And then buy two equals equals that again. But the day does, about two. And let's print those out just to make sure they look good. Okay. I'm not going to make any buys. Takes a minute to pull the DS and the data and organize the data and all that good stuff. If you're an optimization type of person. Let me know how to optimize it. I know I can definitely refactor some stuff. But this one's not really a high speed one. I don't know what happened here. To be honest, let's try again. Because that's a new one to me. Can't get network error. Oh, am I offline? Shoot. Yeah, I'm off the internet right now. Dang it. Okay, well, my internet just went down. It's no good. It's no good at all. Okay, well, I think we did enough for this video. And what I'll do is I'll just make another part to this. If you've been following along in the series. Let me know if you have any questions below. But the next part of this video, we're going to do this. And I'm just going to put a two-do here. Just wait for my internet to come back up. And when it's back, I will do that. So this is the island life problems, you know. So I'll catch you on the beach and stuff. All right, so today we're going to build a supply and demand zone bot. And this is exactly what I would do if I were going to build one. Well, actually, I am going to build one. And this is my day that they work. So luckily, I'm sharing this with you. So you can watch over my shoulder and learn exactly how to do this. So if you don't know the supply and demand zone bot is. It's essentially a trading algorithm that will buy in the demand zone and sell in the supply zone. We're in video, I don't know, six or seven of this series. But I'm going to go over all the code really quickly so you can see. Where we're at. And then we can keep on moving. My internet actually went out in the last video. But this is where we are. So we have these imports here. We've connected the Fimex. If you want to take screenshots. And we have this function here. And it gets the supply and demand zones. It's pretty long and ugly, but I can refactor it later. I'll make sure to go slow so you can screenshot it if you need it. Or feel free to use it. And essentially we're at the point where we're generating the actual orders now. So from here, if I scroll down, here's another function here. This is where we're actually creating the orders. And we're all the way down here. So essentially what we're doing is we're making the buy number one at the higher demand zones. So we have the supply and demand zones goes based off of two different points of resistance. One on the close and one on the width. So pretty much the ultimate low. And you can see I print them out right here. But before that, I went ahead and I said, let's go ahead and grab the minimum of the two. Now that I'm thinking about it. It should be the maximum. Since there's two, if we go ahead and look at this chart here, there's two prices that we're getting. And the first one, if you can see this pink line right here, that's on the close. And then it's on the bottom of the width. So the ultimate low. And we want to go ahead and make the first buy at pretty much the pretty low. We want to go ahead and make the first buy at pretty much the pretty much at the support. And then the second buy halfway between because this whole thing is considered the demand zone in my book at least. And everybody's definitions a little bit different, but that's fine. That's how I'm going to build it here. So that's by one and by two. And then what we're going to do here is we're going to do the same thing. And then it's going to be the minimum of these. And these are what are they? They are the scroll up here. The minimum of the supply zones. So we have two supply zones. And I can just run this really quickly so you can see what I'm talking about. In case you weren't watching the last videos. So I set it up. It starts calculating the supply and the demand zone. And then we get these two numbers here. I can see I have an error. That's because I didn't put an addition there. But that's fine. Okay, so let's go ahead and fix that error real quick. Buy two equals that. And then the minimum of this, these two numbers here, is cell one and then cell two equals that. But remember let's add it instead of divide it. And then divide it by two. Sorry, add it instead of just comma it. So now we have the, we can print cell one and cell two. So from here what we're going to do is we're going to just put the orders in. So if, if in position equals false, then we'll actually do the orders. But if we're in position array, we're not going to do the orders. Else, print, we are already in position. It's like that. So we need to get in position now and thankfully I have a handy dandy helper here. And I can just go ahead and copy this over. So that's the ask, vid, I'll probably need that as well. No, actually I don't think I will because I have predetermined prices. But here we can grab this function. And I'll slow down so you can see it. Let me get it in there first. Okay, so this is a function that tells me if I'm in position or not, position info, I pass them the symbol. And it outputs the side, the size. So 0, 1, 2 at this two position, I'll go ahead and just copy this. At the two position is going to show me the size. So if size is over 0, then position is true. So let's go ahead and say this and then say 0, 1, 2. So size equals position info and then passing the symbol. And then it's at the two index. So that's the size. Now if size is bigger than 0 in position equals true. And I think it should be equal to false automatically. But let's go ahead and print just in case print in position. It's actually not going to do it because I don't have that set up yet. So let's just put in position as false. But then if size in position equals false. Now if size is over 0, then it will say in position is true. And if in position is false, then it's going to start doing the bias. Now obviously we have implemented that yet. Okay, so it's false. So we will do the bias. Now how do we make the bias? Well, it's pretty easy to do. Let's go ahead and say we would want to cancel all orders. Dmx.cancelallorders and then passing the symbol. And then we would actually do that for, well, let's just do it here. And let's say themix.createLimitByorder. And then we pass in the symbol. We pass in the size. We pass in the by one. We pass in. What else do we pass in? I think that's the actually. And then we would also for the order of second order, we would say themix.createLimitByorder. And then symbol, I guess I could just copy paste of that, but work on my typing skills, as you can see. They're not that good. Symbol. And then let's go ahead and say print just created the two by orders. Sleeping. Five minutes. End time.Sleep. And then we can do the same thing, but the opposite for if it's a cell. So, phynex.cell. CreateLimitCell order. CreateLimitCell order. And size equals that. So, we do cell one. And cell two. And then we want to go ahead and have this risk helper here. Probably we could put a P&L close in there. So, in case we want to close based off of P&L, we can do that. Let's go ahead and see what's going on here though. Let's see if it works. I think I am comfortable in running this. The size is fine. And it shouldn't fill because the orders are quite low. But let's go over to phynex where it will execute. Contract. And here we go. So, we should see some orders come through here. You see open positions. There's none. Now let's hit play. And see what happens. Starting supply and demand on calculation. And the order should be around here, is that what's that? Quantity too small. Hmm. T equal to T small. Interesting. So, there's an order history of size of zero. Interesting. Rejected. Okay, so I made an error somewhere. The size equals... Oh, haha. Funny funny. Let's see what we did up here, what do we call it? Size again. So I had size up there, but I reset the size. So I want to go ahead and say position size on this one. Position size. All right, that should work now. Let's keep an eye over here on the exchange, make sure it works. I don't know what's going on with the terminal right now. Looks super weird. Okay, perfect. It made the orders. So I can see the active orders now. E-T-S-D. You see where they are? Oh, they're way down here. But I guess that's the demand zone. So, now, that's super chill. What do we want to do now? I mean, I think we probably want to have some risk monitors in here. So, let's do that. Let's go over to the risk helper. See what we have. Well, let's look at P&L closed. See if we have a P&L closed on this nice phone. Funks. P&L closed. Fetch positions. I think this might actually be good. So, let's use this one. Here, I'll make sure you can see it just in case. Boom. Boom. Boom. I'm giving a lot of code away. So, it's like hours and hours. But that's a whole thesis behind all this. If I can just... If I can code and help myself, that's awesome. So, might as well. It's not going to hurt me. I'm sure you might be trading against me using my locks. But I think that we're all going to have different strategies in the end. So, let's go back here. And if in position equals true, then where's I checking P&L closed? And I'll say n. Let's see what it says. Okay. n.p&L closed. And then we pass in the symbol, the target, and the max locks. So, whatever our target at max locks is. So, we don't have either of those. So, let's go ahead and make them. Let's go up here to the top. And size, max locks target. So, like this target, let's say we're going for a... 15% and then max locks of 7%. You know, those can be whatever. Let's put that in there for now. Uh-oh. My internet may have gone down again. As you can see, we're having some trouble maintaining the Phoenix live feed. That is unfortunate. This is island life for you. And it happens... It happens a lot today, unfortunately. So, I think that's going to be a good... Let's go ahead and just see... So, we have the position in front. I'm going to close that for now. We have the supply and demand zones close that for now. This is the actual bot. And we'll go here and look. And position looks good. And now we're going to run the PNL close. So, essentially, we're going to run the bot. If there's already an open position, then we're going to check the PNL close. And the PNL close pretty much says, hey, if we put our target of... 15% or max loss of 7%, then it's going to close our position. And I can just double check that real quick. Inside the PNL close, you can see here... Kill switch. It triggers our kill switch. So, the PNL close triggers the kill switch. And I've gone over that so many times here on the YouTube videos that you should be able to find it. Otherwise, just asking the discord. There's a link for that. Okay, my internet is down. So, this isn't going to work anymore. It's not going to run. But there is one more thing I want to do that is... super important. And that is... to run this 24-7. So, let's look at this bot here. Maybe I'll have... Yes, I do. I want to run this every five seconds. So, let's go back to the SDZ bot. And say this... While true... So, every five seconds... We'll run that bot... as Z bot. And every five seconds, we run it. Let's see if I can get access to this internet again. Nope, it doesn't look like it. So, I don't think this is going to run. But let's try it. But I think this is pretty much done. Because the way I look at it is... It goes through... It looks like we're in position. If we're in position... It... It just looks like a P&O close. So, if it's running every five seconds... It's looping through. Checking the P&O close. It's seen if we hit our target... If we hit our max loss... If we hit either of those... Great, it closes it. And then it will regenerate a new... Buy or sell based on... If the signal shows buy... Remember the signal is based off of the 20 SMA... On the four hours. So, it prices above the 20 SMA. It's buying. If it's a below it, it's selling. And this is a really, really great bot. I'm excited to run this. I'll probably run some backtests as well. If you do want me to build a video on... Like how to backtest this? Let me know. I love backtests, you know, as well. Of course, before I spend any like... Real money on this, I always backtest. So, this is a pretty interesting bot. I think if there's going to be another video... It's going to be building this same bot... But for a different exchange... Maybe a spot exchange... Since it's built for Femex right now, as you can see... That is a contract exchange... So, you can use leverage and whatnot... This would probably be pretty good for a spot as well. So, theoretically, this will run one time... And then it will run every five seconds... And if there's a problem... It will say maybe an internet problem. Maybe I'll just delete this... And let's just see... It should fail... Because there's an internet problem, I believe. So, give it five seconds... And then it's going to say... I think there's an internet problem. Perfect. So, this is what you get for the Milano Island... But you also get a nice beach. So, in the next video... I will answer any questions I see below... Or maybe make another video connecting this to another exchange... Like Coinbase or something... But yeah, this is pretty cool... We built a supply and demand zone... Trading bot that can be used... By myself... You know? And so I do. I build them for myself... And hopefully they can help you as well... And it will spark an idea... And you can share ideas in our discord... Or any questions you have... I'm here for you... And I hope you're wonderful there. Hey, hey, in this video... We 